---
title: Amplify agents August 2021 Release Notes
linkTitle: Amplify agents August 2021
weight: 90
date: 2021-08-26
description: Traceability and Discovery agents for Amplify Gateway / AWS / Azure
  / Istio provide better visibility into your multi-type gateway eco system.
  These agents collect data from the Gateway (API / traffic) and expose it in
  Amplify Central, providing you with a global vision of your eco system from a
  single interface.
---

## Versioning

Currently, version 1.1.2 is available. It is based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.2.
To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

This version is compatible with:

* Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx
* AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0
* Azure latest release

## New features and enhancements

The following new features and enhancements are available in this update.

### Amplify Gateway agents enhancements

* **Offline usage report**: the Traceability Agent can report traffic using an offline mode. In this configuration, the Traceability Agent does not need Amplify connectivity. The usage report is locally produce and a new file with the usage is created each month. The customer can upload the report to Amplify platform.
* **Volume usage report**: the Traceability Agent can report the volume generated by the Gateway. This volume is automatically reported, along with the usage report, when the environment governance is "Axway Managed."
* **Usage report contains the agent name**: a new section in the usage report containing the agent name and its version. This helps identify multiple gateways in your eco-system that report their usage to the same Amplify environment.

### Amplify AWS Gateway agents enhancements

* **Usage report contains the agent name**: a new section in the usage report containing the agent name and its version. This helps identify multiple gateways in your eco-system that report their usage to the same Amplify environment.

### Amplify Azure agents enhancements

* **Usage report contains the agent name**: a new section in the usage report containing the agent name and its version. This helps identify multiple gateways in your eco-system that report their usage to the same Amplify environment.

### Amplify Istio agents enhancements

* **Usage report contains the agent name**: a new section in the usage report containing the agent name and its version. This helps identify multiple gateways in your eco-system that report their usage to the same Amplify environment.

## Fixed issues

The following agent issues are fixed in this update:

* **Index out of range in trace log when attempting to send a 403 traffic**. Previously when the AWS traceability agent encountered a 403 response code (missing authentication token), the traffic was not reported and the agent crashed. Now this response code is correctly handled and reported to the Amplify platform.
* **Discovered API added to wrong team**. Previously, the AWS discovery agent had trouble using the owningTeam attribute from its resources. Now when the owningTeam is set in the agent resources, the attribute is correctly read and the API are visible in the Catalog within the correct team.
* **Discovery agent panic while discovering APIs**. Previously, when using Amplify agent in Docker environment, and an API was discovered but without endpoint, the agent crashed. Now the API is published to Amplify platform and an information message is logged.

## Known limitations

The following limitations exist in this update.

### Amplify Gateway agents

* Discovery Agent cannot expose discovered APIs in multiple teams, so the organization structure on API Manager is lost in Amplify Central. As a result, the API provider must create the team in Amplify platform and share the API within the appropriate teams.
* When an API is renamed in API Manager, Discovery Agent cannot recognize the API name change. This results in the API displaying in Amplify Central with dual entries of both the originally discovered name and the newly changed name.
* When using the Gateway only capability without API Manager, Traceability Agent does not report the traffic.

### Amplify AWS Gateway agents

* Discovery Agent is working with only one AWS Region (the one used when installing the agent).
* Discovery Agent can discover APIs having ANY method only, but consumers will not be able to subscribe to it from Unified Catalog.
* Discovery Agent does not associate the usage plan and API when a subscriber chooses a usage plan that is not already linked to the chosen API.
* The Usage report is not scalable, as the agent relies on AWS Simple Queue Service and cannot have more than 10 consumers per queue. It is possible to increase the number of workers on the agent side.

### Amplify Azure agents

* Discovery Agent does not manage revision and version.
* Discovery Agent does not remove API Service and Catalog item when Azure API is removed.

### Amplify Istio agents

* Discovery Agent cannot display its status in Central topology since is it not integrated with Amplify Agents SDK.
* Discovery Agent requires manual set up to report APIs correctly.
* Traceability Agent cannot leverage Amplify agents SDK sampling feature.
