---
title: Amplify October 21 2022
linkTitle: Amplify October 21 2022
weight: 70
draft: true
date: 2022-10-14
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.39. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version|
|--------------------------------------------|--------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.33       |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.30       |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.33       |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | 0.75         |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.2        |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.10       |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature updates for Axway Agent SDK

There are no enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway Agent SDK

* **Subscription migration** - The migration of existing Marketplace subscriptions didn't use the correct usage plan.

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

There are no enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature updates for AWS Gateway

* **Quota Provisioning feature** - The Product plan quota can be provisioned on an AWS Gateway. This capability allows the product to have a plan limiting the quantity of usage of product per a specified time interval.

##### Bug fixes for AWS Gateway

There are no bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for AWS Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

There are no enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

There are no enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature updates for Apigee Edge Gateway

* **Configurable IDP settings** - The Apigee Edge agent can have configurable IDP settings to support a custom login URL.

##### Bug fixes for Apigee Edge Gateway

* **CPU/Memory utilization** - The Apigee Edge agent could not be configured to discover a maximum number of API services in a batch to reduce the CPU/Memory usage.

##### Known issues for Apigee Edge Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

* **Auto release management** - A new step in the asset creation/edition allows the user to select how the asset can automatically benefit. By default this feature is not enabled.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Auto release management** - A new step in the product creation/edition allows the user to select how the product can automatically benefit. By default this feature is not enabled.
* **Export subscriber contact information** - A catalog manager can see all subscriptions to the product and copy the subscriber email address. In addition, they can choose to export all subscriptions, including subscriber contact details to a CSV file. See the Product details / Subscriptions tab.
* **Subscription approver role** - A new team role has been introduced that gives users the permission to approve and manage subscriptions and access requests submitted to the product or assets owned by their team.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Product ownership not replicated to plan ownership** - When changing the product ownership, the owner of the plan was not updated accordingly.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **User experience improvement** - The Marketplace homepage and the browse product screen have been improved to adapt to different screen sizes.
* **Consumer Organization management** - Consumers can now self-register with a Consumer Organization account into the Marketplace and manage their own profile. Platform Administrators can configure in Marketplace Settings whether Sign Up is allowed/disallowed.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Wrong owner of the subscription** - The Marketplace subscriptions table displayed org name of logged in user, not of subscription owner.
* **Category names are truncated** - The categories were not displayed in a single column on the product details screen so users couldn't see the entire category name.
* **Incorrect warning displayed** - An inaccurate warning was displayed in the Marketplace when a user created a subscription with no owner selected.
* **Error message when subscribing is not clear** - An unclear error message was displayed when a user was not allowed to subscribe to a paid plan.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

* **Access requests are not accessible from the Product Details > Resource screen** - However, they are visible from the Application details page.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements and bug fixes in this release.
