---
title: Amplify September 23 2022
linkTitle: Amplify September 23 2022
weight: 80
draft: true
date: 2022-09-14
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.37. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version|
|--------------------------------------------|--------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.31       |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.29       |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.31       |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | 2.0.38       |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.1        |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.10       |

The following enhancements are available for all agents in this release:

* **Consumer credential management** - This new capability is available if supported by the API Gateway, and enables consumers to rotate credentials and stay compliant with their security policies:

    * Agents can detect the remaining validity period of an issued credential.
    * Agents can renew credentials that are about to expire or have expired.
    * Agents can suspend credentials, if requested by the Amplify platform.

The following bug fixes are available for all agents in this release:

* **Analytics and Marketplace** - The Agents were updated to fix an issue with Analytics support and Marketplace provisioning.

#### Apigee Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature updates for Apigee Gateway

* **Quota Provisioning feature** - The Product plan quota can be provisioned on an Apigee Gateway. This capability allows the Product to have a plan limiting the quantity of usage of product per a specified time interval.

##### Bug fixes for Apigee Gateway

There are no known bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Apigee Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature updates for Axway API Management Gateway

There are no known bug fixes in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway

* **Consumer Insights Application Usage issue** - The Traceability Agent now resolves legacy application names to the Amplify logical names and displays them on the Consumer Insights Application Usage page.
* **Marketplace product and application deletion issue** - The Discovery Agent can now delete a product or application if the associated API is in a deleting state.

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Unified Catalog enabled by entitlements** - Unified Catalog is no longer accessible with a Marketplace entitlement. This results in all Unified Catalog related capabilities to not be accessible from the Amplify UI, including publishing a service to the Unified Catalog from a Service Registry.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

* **Teams names in the filter are not sorted alphabetically** - Team names are now displayed in alphabetical order in the **Filter by Owners**.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

There are no enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

* **Teams names in the filter are not sorted alphabetically**: Team names now display in alphabetical order in the **Filter by Owning Team**.
* **Ownership set at the asset version level**: Prior to this fix, the owner was assigned to asset versions, which resulted in different versions of assets with different owners. Now, ownership is assigned to the asset and not to the asset versions, so all versions have the same asset owner.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Provider credential management** - Providers can now view the validity period of a consumer issued credential and act upon it. They can renew, delete, or suspend a credential. This will allow providers to stay in control of credentials that might be violating their security policy or pose risks to their services.
* **Subscription approver role** - A new team role has been introduced which gives the user permissions to manage subscriptions and access requests to products owned by the team they are a member of.
* **Swap featured categories** - When the maximum number of featured categories are reached, providers can easily swap an existing featured category with another one. This will enable them to stay on the preview screen and complete their tasks, without having to navigate back and forth between categories.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Teams names in the filter are not sorted alphabetically** - Team names now display in alphabetical order in the **Filter by Owning Team**.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Consumer credential management** - This new capability enables consumers to rotate credentials to stay complaint with their security policies:

    * Consumers can view the remaining validity period of issued credentials.
    * Consumer can choose to renew credentials that are about to expire or have expired.
    * Consumers can choose to suspend credentials if they suspect the credentials are corrupted.

* **Search feature on the Marketplace Homepage** - A search bar has been added to the Marketplace Homepage banner, which allows consumers to search products by title or description.
* **Subscription enhancements**:

    * The subscription name no longer displays on the Subscribe side panel. By default, the subscription name contains the name of the product and the name of the selected plan (i.e., Healthcare APIs - Basic Plan).
    * A **Request access** button has been added to the screen to direct the user to request access (if the subscription was automatically approved).
    * A tooltip has been added to the **Owning Team** field to inform the user that an owning team must be selected when they are a member in multiple teams.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Subscription and applications do not have the same owner** - Previously, when a consumer requested access to a resource and selected a subscription with a different owner than the application, the request ended up in an error. Now, the subscriptions and applications drop-down lists display only the items that have the same owner.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements and bug fixes in this release.
