---
title: Amplify November 18 2022
linkTitle: Amplify November 18 2022
weight: 60
draft: true
date: 2022-11-03
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.41. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version        |
|--------------------------------------------|----------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.36               |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.32               |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.35               |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.3 / TA=v2.0.43 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.3                |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.10               |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature updates for Axway Agent SDK

* **Async API support** - The Discovery Agent has been updated to parse and store the endpoint attributes from an Async API Specification.

##### Bug fixes for Axway Agent SDK

* **API service deletion handling** - The Discovery Agent has been updated to handle the deletion of API services in a more reliable fashion.

* **API service revision handling** - The Discovery Agent has been updated to fetch only the latest API service revision specification instead of all API service specifications. In situations where there are many API service revisions with large API Specification files, the amount of data retrieved from the API Server will be reduced.

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature updates for API Management Gateway

There are no enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for API Management Gateway

* **Installation** - A fix was made to the helm chart installation when using an existing service account. An update to the Central CLI v2.12.4 was also made to fix this issue.

##### Known issues for API Management Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Discovery Agent has been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Pay per use plan** - Catalog Manager can configure product plans that charge consumers a fixed price per unit.
* **Product visibility for consumer organization user** - Product visibility can now be restricted for consumer organizations, in addition to the provider teams.
* **Support contact alternative method** - Alternative contact methods, such as Website / Microsoft Teams / Slack, can now be configured for a support contact. One or more alternative methods can be defined for each type.
* **Support contact set while creating / updating product** - A support contact can be assigned at product creation or during editing.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Support contact phone number** - A list of country codes is now available to help select the country code phone number.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Vanity URL** - The Marketplace URL is now fully customizable from **Platform home > Organization > Marketplace > Settings > Marketplace URL**.
* **Application list page improvement** - The application list page is now responsive.
* **Call to Action** - The Marketplace home page now includes a configurable Call To Action that highlights a specific action for the consumer. Enable and customize the Call To Action from **Platform home > Organization > Marketplace > Home page > Call To Action** section.
* **Access request** - Access requests are now visible under the product resources at **Product details > Resources > Access request**.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Consumer user (non-admin) cannot create access request / credentials in the consumer org** - The key icon on the product resource to request access was missing because of a wrong check using the product team owner instead of subscription team owner.
* **Product documents in the Marketplace are not being displayed in proper order** - The Marketplace UI was not taking into consideration the documentation order set by Catalog Manager.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.
