---
title: Amplify December 1 2023
linkTitle: Amplify December 1 2023
weight: 3
draft: true
date: 2023-11-27
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agent versions

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.69. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agent versions and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.64 /8TA=v1.1.67  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.54 / TA-v1.1.56  |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.60 / TA=v1.1.65  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.26 / TA=v2.0.70  |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.27                   |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.37                   |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.15                   |

### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Agent SDK

There are no new enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Transaction sampling** - Improvements have been made in the transaction sampling.
* **Agent shutdown** - Improvements have been made in the handling of events prior to an agent shutdown.

#### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### On-premise agents

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Agent

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Agent

* **Traceability Agent local cache** - Improvements have been made to the persistence of the local cache for the Traceability Agent (WorkingDirectory setting).

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway

* **Duplicate API services** - A fix was made to prevent the discovery of duplicate API services from appearing in the Service Registry.
* **Consumer Group support** - Updated the Consumer Group support with the latest Azure SDK. Consumer groups can be optionally dedicated to other consumer groups besides the Default consumer group.

##### Known issues for Azure Gateway agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Software AG webMethods Gateway

The Software AG webMethods agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### SaaS (embedded) agents

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for SaaS (embedded) agents

There are no new enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for SaaS (embedded) agents

* **Resource Provisioning** - An improvement has been made to the handling of resource provisioning for embedded agents.

#### Known issues for SaaS (embedded) agents

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **API service endpoint state** - Any API service endpoint can have an optional state set with the Central API / CLI.  The permitted state values are Design, Experimental, Pre-released, Stable, Deprecated and Archived.
* **API service endpoint stage** = The *API service details* page displays the stage of an API service endpoint if set.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

The following known limitations are in this release

* **WebUI support for API service endpoint state** - API service endpoint state cannot be viewed or edited from the WebUI. This enhancement is coming soon.

### Topology

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

There are no new enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

* **Catalog Manager asset editing** - A Catalog Manager role with shared edit access can now edit the shared asset.
* **Unstructured API services in assets** - An unstructured API service can now be included in an asset.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Filter by resource group** - A new filter has been added to the *Resource* page of a product that allows users to filter the resources by group. The filter is responsive to smaller screen resolutions. On a smaller screen, the existing filter from the subscription / application / product pages follow the same pattern and become an icon in the search bar when there is not enough space to show the filter on the screen.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Failed to render API specification that does not have a security definition** - The renderer has been updated to consider this and now all APIs with or without security are correctly rendered in the Marketplace.
* **Error rendering Async APIs** - Async API specifications are now rendered properly in the Marketplace.
* **HTTP Basic not available when consumer wants to authorize** - HTTP Basic is now available in the *Authentication* side panel so a consumer that selects the appropriate application / credentials can test the API.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcement

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).
