---
title: Amplify May 19 2023
linkTitle: Amplify May 19 2023
weight: 15
draft: true
date: 2023-05-15
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.  It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.53. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.51 / TA=v1.1.52 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.42 / TA-v1.1.43 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.47 / TA=v1.1.48 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.14 / TA=v2.0.58 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.14                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.20                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway Agent SDK

* **Credential expiration** - The Discovery Agent gets the time value of credential expiration from the environment (see [Credential management](#feature-updates-for-topology)). The Discovery Agent uses this time value to calculate the expiration date for new credentials. With this enhancement, two Discovery Agent variables have been deprecated: `CENTRAL_CREDENTIALS_DEPROVISIONONEXPIRE` and `CENTRAL_CREDENTIALS_EXPIRATIONDAYS`.

##### Bug fixes for Axway Agent SDK

There are no bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Embedded agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Embedded agent

* **Custom variables** - Embedded agent custom variables set by the Central CLI or an Axway API.  The variables include: team owner of an API, filter by API, set tags or ignore tags during the discovery of APIs.  

##### Bug fixes for Embedded agent

There are no bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Embedded agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Azure Gateway

The Azure agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway

* **Connection error handling** - If the Azure Traceability Agent cannot connect to the Azure event hub because of either an invalid event hub namespace or a network related issue, the Traceability Agent will now log the appropriate error and exit.

##### Known issues for Azure Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **API compliance validation** - Design and Security compliance validation is now automatic when enabled for any environment using the create/edit environment wizard. The compliance validation entitlement must be enabled for the organization. All API services in the configured environment are automatically compliance validated when the Service Revision is updated. The grading score of the Design and Security compliance is displayed in the Security and Design columns. Compliance validation can also be triggered when the Design/Security rulesets are updated.  

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Topology

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Topology

* **Compliance profiles** - A Compliance Profiles page has been added to the Topology section of the WebUI. The Design and Security rulesets can be viewed or deleted from this page. Custom Design and Security rulesets can be uploaded to the Amplify API Management platform by clicking **Upload Ruleset**. A profile name for the ruleset, a ruleset type, an API Type, and the ruleset file must be provided to perform the upload action.
* **Credential management** - A Credential management section has been added to the environment page. This section is used to define:
    * The credential expiration date the Discovery Agent uses when provisioning credentials
    * Whether the agent automatically deprovisions expired credentials
    * How often notifications are sent to consumers prior to credential expiration

  With this new feature, two Discovery Agent variables have been deprecated: `CENTRAL_CREDENTIALS_DEPROVISIONONEXPIRE` and `CENTRAL_CREDENTIALS_EXPIRATIONDAYS`.

#### Bug fixes for Topology

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Topology

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Image embedded in markdown documentation** - Embed an image in markdown. The embedded image is stored as a base64 encoded value. To upload an image in markdown, use the image icon to open a dialog where the image can be dropped.
* **Migrate individual subscription** - Migrate individual subscriptions to another plan rather than migrating all subscriptions. Once validated, the migration process is applied to all selected subscriptions.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Missing reference when creating a new version of the product** - When navigating between two product versions (one active and one deprecated), a warning icon was displayed at the resource level on the deprecated version. Now the resource reference is correctly computed for the deprecated product release and the warning icon is only displayed if the resource does not exist in the system.
* **Line break not working in product description** - The markdown editor has been enriched to correctly manage carriage returns.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Stripe billing integration** - Enable the Stripe billing integration to monetize your product from your marketplace. Invoices are generated as soon as a consumer organization user subscribes to a product, and at the end of each month while the subscription is active. See [Marketplace billing](/docs/manage_marketplace/marketplace_billing).
* **Credentials rotation screen** - Use the credential rotation screen to update credential parameters based on the original credential parameters.
* **Navigating to the subscription details** - Click **View Subscription** on the subscription result screen (Pending / Approved / Rejected) to directly navigate to the subscription details.
* **Unsubscribe dialog validation** - To unsubscribe from a product, the validation screen prompts the user to enter "UNSUBSCRIBE" to confirm his choice.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Subscribing from plan details does not prefill the plan drop-down** - When subscribing from the product plan details view, the plan is now automatically selected on the subscription screen.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.
