---
title: Amplify October 20 2023
linkTitle: Amplify October 20 2023
weight: 5
draft: true
date: 2023-10-18
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.66. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.61 / TA=v1.1.64 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.51 / TA-v1.1.53 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.56 / TA=v1.1.61 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.23 / TA=v2.0.67 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.24                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.30                  |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.12                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Agent SDK

There are no new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Security Updates** - Security fixes have been included in Agent SDK.

##### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Embedded agents

The Embedded AWS Gateway and Apigee X agents have been released.  There are no enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Azure Gateway agent

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway agent

* **Unstructured API Service** - Unstructured APIs from an Azure Gateway are now discovered.

##### Known issues for Azure Gateway agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Software AG webMethods Gateway

The Software AG webMethods agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Topology

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Topology

* **Apigee X Gateway support** - The add Environment wizard now has support for the Embedded Apigee X Agents.  In addition, the Axway [Central CLI](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-central-cli/v/2.17.0) has been updated to support the installation of the Embedded Apigee X Agents.

#### Bug fixes for Topology

There are no bug fixes int his release.

#### Known issues for Topology

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

There are no feature updates in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

* **Access rights tab always selects restricted** - Depending on the user role who is creating/updating a product, the *Access Rights* step automatically selects either the Restricted area (for Central Admin users) or the Shared area (for user having a team role). Users who are not Central Admins cannot select the Restricted option.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Migrate subscription from a deprecated plan** - Providers can now migrate subscriptions from a plan that is in the deprecated state. The Migration menu action is disabled when there are no remaining active subscriptions on the plan.
* **Create Markdown documents in the Document Library** - The Document Library is now capable of creating Markdown documents. The documents can be re-use in the product documentation or in Marketplace settings (Footer / Menu link) as other regular Document Library documents.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Category Visibility column width issues** - The truncation of this column has been fixed to see the entire value.
* **Access rights tab always selects restricted** - Depending on the user role who is creating/updating a product, the *Access Rights* step automatically selects either the Restricted area (for Central Admin users) or the Shared area (for user having a team role). Users who are not Central Admins cannot select the Restricted option.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Access request Subscription selection** - Since consumers are now allowed to request access to a resource only once with the same subscription, the Subscription drop-down menu in the *Request Access* form has been enhanced to only allow the selection of subscriptions that do not have an associated access request. The other subscriptions are shown with a tooltip indicating the number of applications already linked to the resource, and a link to the applications.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Deleted plan still visible in Marketplace** - Orphan plans are no longer shown in the Marketplace for a product.
* **Homepage hero content alignment is wrong** - The hero content positioning issue on the home page has been fixed to take the configuration set by the user.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Consumer insights

* **Marketplace appearance** - The settings for the Marketplace branding are now fully applied to Consumer insights screens.

#### Bug fixes for Consumer insights

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Consumer insights

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcement

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).
