---
title: Amplify September 8 2023
linkTitle: Amplify September 8 2023
weight: 8
draft: true
date: 2023-09-06
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.62. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.58 / TA=v1.1.60 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.48 / TA-v1.1.50 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.53 / TA=v1.1.58 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.20 / TA=v2.0.64 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.21                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.27                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Agent SDK

There are no new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Errors when publishing transaction metric events** - Transaction event publishing is retried when HTTP transport is used for ingestion and an error occurs.
* **Redaction of request headers** - The masking character is now always used for the redaction of request headers.
* **OAuth Client support for FDX standards** - Registering and unregistering of an OAuth Client to meet FDX standards is now supported. A new token is required for each register and un-register call.  

##### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Embedded agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Embedded agent

There are no new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Embedded Agent

* **Redaction character overridden** - When two different masking characters are used by two Traceability Agents, the masking character used for the redaction can no longer be overridden.

##### Known issues for Embedded agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Topology

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Topology

There are no new features in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Topology

* **Parsing of YAML Async API specification files** - YAML files are now parsed when importing Async API Service specification files.

#### Known issues for Topology

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Product documentation link to a Document Library document** - Product document articles can now be linked to documents in the Document Library. The provider can then preview the content (for known format: Markdown / PDF) or download it (for unknown format).
* **Additional information when consumer subscribes to a product** - A subscriptionDefinitionSchema can now be added to a plan that enables a provider to ask additional information when a customer is subscribing to a product. Refer to [Plan creation](/docs/manage_product_foundry/manage_product_plans/#configure-access) for more information.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

They are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Product documentation link to a Document Library document** - When product documentation is linked to a document from the Document Library, the consumer can preview the content (for known format: Markdown / PDF) or download it (for unknown format).
* **Additional information when consumer subscribes to a product** - Using a subscriptionDefinitionSchema, it is now possible for a provider to ask more information from his consumer when they subscribe to a product plan. Refer to [subscription screen definition](/docs/integrate_with_central/customize_ard_crd#customize-subscription-screen) for more information.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Consumer can subscribe to an archived plan** - Due to the introduction of the archive status, the consumer could select an archived plan when subscribing directly from the plan page. Now, a plan must be active for a consumer to subscribe to it.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcement

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).
