---
title: Amplify April 21 2023
linkTitle: Amplify April 21 2023
weight: 20
draft: true
date: 2023-04-21
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.  It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.51. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.49                  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.41                  |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.45                  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.10 / TA=v2.0.53 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.12                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.18                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway Agent SDK

There are no new features or enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes Axway Agent SDK

* **SDK was not updating X-agent-details** - The x-agent-details are now updated when the x-agent-details change but the resource does not.

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway

* **Axway API Management Agent** - Now handles nil pointer when the agent retrieves an API Logical Key.

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Embedded Agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Embedded Agent

* **AWS Embedded Discovery Agent** - A new Embedded Agent discovery service for AWS Gateway that requires no installation and no need to install AWS Config, CloudWatch, and SQS. The Embedded Agent requires an AssumeRole or IAM user to discover API Services from an AWS Gateway. Use [Central CLI](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-central-cli/v/2.15.1) or Central WebUI to create the new AWS Gateway environment with an Embedded Agent.

##### Bug fixes for Embedded Agent

There are no bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Embedded Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Azure Gateway

The Azure agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway

* **API Version Update** - An existing API Service version is now updated when a new API Method is added.

##### Known issues for Azure Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Support contact added in product details screen** - A new Support contact tab is available when viewing the product details. It displays the contact that is assigned to the product.
* **Migrated subscription can be deleted** - Once a subscription plan is migrated, the original subscription can be deleted using the Delete action from the ellipsis menu in the WebUI.
* **IDE resource creation support** - Any Amplify Central resource content can be created/validated within Visual Studio Code by using the [yaml plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml&ssr=false#overview). Add the following to the yaml schemas section of the plugin settings to start validating any yaml file ending with *.central.yaml: "<CENTRAL_URL>/apis/jsonschema": "/*.central.yaml" where <CENTRAL_URL> is either: `https://apicentral.axway.com/apis/jsonschema` or `https://central.eu-fr.axway.com/apis/jsonschema` or `https://central.ap-sg.axway.com/apis/jsonschema`, depending on your region.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Product visibility shows consumer orgs when disabled on Marketplace Settings** - To avoid confusion, when the consumer org is disabled in Marketplace Settings, the Marketplace Users section is not displayed when publishing a product to this Marketplace.
* **Create support contact wizard enhancements** - The email validator uses the same regex as the platform to validate email addresses. The creation of office hours is now limited to the days that are not assigned yet. You can add new office hours only when the current one is validated. An alternative method can be added only when the previous one is completed.
* **Paid plan details screen is missing the Quota type** - Quota type (Standard / Tiered / Pay per use) has been added to the plan preview.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

There are no new features or enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Application list does not scroll** - When requesting access to a resource, the drop-down showing the Application list has been updated to load more data as the user scrolls.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.
