---
title: Amplify June 30 2023
linkTitle: Amplify June 30 2023
weight: 12
draft: true
date: 2023-06-26
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.56. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.53 / TA=v1.1.55 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.44 / TA-v1.1.46 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.49 / TA=v1.1.51 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.16 / TA=v2.0.60 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.16                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.23                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway Agent SDK

* **Embedded AWS Traceability sampling and redaction** - The Agent SDK now supports the configuration of sampling and redaction of API traffic.

##### Bug fixes for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Embedded agent

The Embedded agent has been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for AWS Gateway

There are no enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for AWS Gateway

* **Agent running status** - Improved accuracy of the AWS agents running status displayed on the Environment details WebUI.

##### Known issues for AWS Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Compliance Validation results** - Compliance Validation results display on the Service details screen of the WebUI.  A Compliance tab for each API Service version displays detailed information and the Compliance results can be downloaded as a Comma-separated Values (CSV) file. Note that a maximum of 1000 lines of compliance results are available to download.
* **API Specification version** - The Service details screen of the WebUI will display the actual version string from the OAS2, OA3, or Async specification file after a new service revision is created.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

* **Existing API Specification versions** - For previously created API service versions, the Service details screen of the WebUI will NOT display the actual version string from the OAS2, OA3, or Async specification file.

### Topology

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Category publication** - The owner of a category can make a category visible only in Marketplaces where they have publication preferences enabled.
* **Display resources grouped by asset** - A new *display resource in marketplace grouped per asset* option is available when publishing a product. Once this option is activated, the resources that appear in the Resource Table of a product in the Marketplace will be displayed sorted in alphabetical order, first by the asset title and then by the resource name.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Product plan creation** - After creating a plan, a warning icon was displayed by the plan name. With this fix, a refresh action has been introduced and the warning icon is no longer visible.
* **Product visibility** - Inaccurate publication statuses of products in Marketplace. Now, the statuses are correctly reflected.
* **Product Category label** - In the product wizard, some extra labels on the Category page have been removed.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Business insights

* **Multi-value filtering** - The filters on the Business Insights screens accept multiple values as criteria. These filtering criteria are persisted from one screen to another when relevant.

#### Bug fixes for Business insights

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Business insights

There are no known limitations in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Display resources grouped by asset** -  A new *display resource in marketplace grouped per asset* option is available when publishing a product. Once this option is activated, the resources that appear in the Resource Table of a product in the Marketplace will be displayed sorted in alphabetical order, first by the Asset title and then by the resource name.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

There are no bug fixed in this release.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.
