---
title: Amplify August 11 2023
linkTitle: Amplify August 11 2023
weight: 10
draft: true
date: 2023-08-09
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.60. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.56 / TA=v1.1.58 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.46 / TA-v1.1.48 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.51 / TA=v1.1.56 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.18 / TA=v2.0.62 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.19                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.25                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Agent SDK

There are no new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Status Error Handling** - The handling of a status error (400)s by the Discovery Agent has been fixed.

##### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway

* **Deployment on OpenShift** - The Traceability Agent can now be installed on OpenShift.
* **Deployment on K8s** - A Helm chart update allows the path of the Axway API Gateway events to be set with overrides during the deployment of the Traceability Agent.

##### Known issues for API Management Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Embedded agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Embedded agent

The Embedded agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Embedded agent

* **Filtering by tag** - APIs with matching tags in the REST API stage are now discovered.
* **Updates to discovered service** - Previously discovered and unchanged services are no longer being updated.
* **Resource status update order** - The order of status updates to resources are now correct.

##### Known issues for Embedded agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway

* **Duration variable** - The duration variable is now honored by the Traceability Agent.

##### Known issues for Azure Gateway

There are no know limitations in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **View in Marketplace** - After publishing a service to the Marketplace, click the **View in Marketplace** action button to display the Marketplace information for the published service.
* **New compliance validation rulesets** - Four additional Community supported rulesets are now available for use by custom rulesets:
    * [AWS-Gateway](https://github.com/andylockran/spectral-aws-apigateway-ruleset)
    * [OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project)](https://github.com/stoplightio/spectral-owasp-ruleset)
    * [documentation](https://github.com/stoplightio/spectral-documentation)
    * [URL-VERSIONING](https://github.com/stoplightio/spectral-url-versioning)

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Topology

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

There are no new features in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Product activation failure** - The cleanup no longer fails when removing a document from the Document overview.
* **No scrollbar in the subscription's details screen** - A scroll bar has been added to the subscription details screen, enabling the display of all the information.
* **Impossible to archive a deprecated plan** - A user can now archive a plan even if the plan has subscriptions attached to it. A confirmation popup is displayed and lists all subscriptions that will be **cancelled** once their access/credentials are removed during the plan archival.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

There are no new features in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Access documentation of a product from home screen in Marketplace is not working** - The documentation link on the Marketplace product tile now redirects the user to the product documentation details screen.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.
