---
title: Amplify March 24 2023
linkTitle: Amplify March 24 2023
weight: 25
draft: true
date: 2023-03-20
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.  It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.48. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.47                  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.40                  |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.43                  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.10 / TA=v2.0.53 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.11                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.17                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway Agent SDK

* **Platform URL update for Amplify event traffic** - A change was made to the URL receiving the Amplify event traffic. Older agents can still send to the old URL, as the event traffic will be proxied to the new URL.

##### Bug fixes for Axway Agent SDK

* **Reduction on Amplify event traffic** - If the Agent was not able to start up properly, extra state change events were sent to the Amplify platform during startup. Now, updates are only sent when the status of the agent changes from the prior status.

* **Traceability Agent sending duplicate metrics events** - During the startup of the Traceability Agent, it was possible to generate duplicate traffic usage counts for API services. Now, traffic events are not counted until there is sufficient information (API service, access request and subscription) to identify duplicate usage traffic.

* **Handling of duplicate Unified Catalog categories** - If a new Unified Catalog item was being published/created with the same Title and Category of an existing item, an attempt to create a duplicate category would cause an error. Now, the existing older category is used for the new category to enable the successful publishing of a Catalog.

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Published to Marketplace indicator** - A publish to Marketplace indicator is displayed below the metrics on the Service details page. If published to the Marketplace, the count will include the number of published products consuming the service.  A new tab on the Service details lists the published products consuming the service.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Unpublish product from Marketplace** - Similar to the *publish product to marketplace* action, the Catalog Manager can *unpublish a product from one marketplace*. This action is not allowed if there are active subscription in the marketplace.
* **New currencies for paid plan** - A provider can select a paid plan currency from the most used currencies in the world: US Dollar, Euro, Japanese Yen, British Pound, Australian Dollar, Canadian Dollar, Swiss Franc, Chinese Yuan, Hong-Kong Dollar, Singapore Dollar. Depending on the selected currency, the base plan price is formatted according to the currency decimal precision.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

* **Long category names are not correctly displayed** - Previously, long category names overlapped surrounding fields. Now, the category name is truncated according to the available space.

### Business insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Marketplace footer** - Marketplace footer content can be defined. It is a combination of links, image and text. The footer is then displayed in all Marketplace pages (login, Home page, Product page, etc.).
* **Category list page** - A new page that lists all categories defined in the Marketplace. For each category, a details page lists the associated product.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **The category visibility is not reflected in the product details page** - Previously, the category list assigned to a product was not filtered based on the category visibility in the Marketplace. Now, only categories visible in specific Marketplaces are displayed in the product details screen. The categories that are not visible are not displayed in the product details.
* **Long category names are not correctly displayed** - Previously, long category names overlapped surrounding fields. Now, the category name is truncated according to the available space.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.
