---
title: Amplify September 22 2023
linkTitle: Amplify September 22 2023
weight: 7
draft: true
date: 2023-09-20
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.63. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.59 / TA=v1.1.61 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.49 / TA-v1.1.51 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.54 / TA=v1.1.59 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.21 / TA=v2.0.65 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.22                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.28                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Agent SDK

There are no new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Offline Traceability Agent** - The Traceability Agent can now run in offline mode without a run-time error.

##### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Embedded agent

The Embedded agent has been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Topology

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

There are no new features in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

* **Asset Access Rights not saved** - Changes to the Access Rights can now be saved when editing an Asset in the WebUI.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Document library** - A new type of document (External link) is available from the Document Library. This allows the provider to use an external link (confluence page, github project, etc.) as a document in the library. It can be attached as either a footer or a menu element in the Marketplace or as part of the product documentation.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Product filter plan not working** - The product plan filtering now only filters the current product plans.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Grouping resource per asset** - A new column in the product resource page displays the **Resource group** (i.e., asset name) a resource belongs to. The filter above the table can be used to search per resource title and/or resource group. For this new column to be displayed, the provider must select the option "Group per asset" when publishing the product. Otherwise, the Resource group column is not visible in the Marketplace.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Provider can subscribe to an archived plan** - The archived plans are now only visible to consumers that already have subscriptions to them. Archived plans cannot be subscribed to.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcement

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).
