---
title: Amplify November 17 2023
linkTitle: Amplify November 17 2023
weight: 3
draft: true
date: 2023-11-06
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agent versions

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.68. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agent versions and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.62 /8TA=v1.1.65  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.53 / TA-v1.1.55  |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.59 / TA=v1.1.63  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.25 / TA=v2.0.69  |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.26                   |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.36                   |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.14                   |

### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Agent SDK

There are no new enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Security updates** - Security fixes have been included in the Agent SDK.

#### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### On-premise agents

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway

* **Azure SDK Update** - The Azure agent was updated to use a new version of an Azure SDK API (2021-08-01 or later). The older Azure SDK API (older than 2021-08-01) has been deprecated by Azure. It is recommended that customers upgrade to the latest Azure Gateway Agents.

##### Known issues for Azure Gateway agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Software AG webMethods Gateway

The Software AG webMethods agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### SaaS (embedded) agents

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for SaaS (embedded) agents

There are no new enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for SaaS (embedded) agents

* **Security and stability updates** - Security and stability fixes have been included for all SaaS (embedded) agents.

#### Known issues for SaaS (embedded) agents

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Publish to Marketplace** - The Publish to Marketplace action now includes all the API service endpoints by default. A specific API endpoint can be included or excluded from the WebUI.
* **API service endpoint stage** - The stage of each API service endpoint is displayed on the WebUI.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Topology

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Add the stage of a resource when creating/editing/viewing a product plan quota** - The stage of an API resource, which shows where the API resource is deployed, is now visible on the product plan quota screen. This helps producers determine how to charge for each endpoint.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **OAuth authentication flow support** - Request an OAuth token from the Marketplace *Try It Now* screen. The user is directed to the authentication screen and then back to the Marketplace once the authentication is successful.
* **ISO date format** - All Marketplace screens that display a date format (Product details / Subscription / Credentials) now use the YYY-MM-DD ISO format.
* **Social login** - The Marketplace sign in can be configured to enable login with GitHub / GitLab or Google. See [Marketplace settings](/docs/manage_marketplace/customize_marketplace/marketplace_settings) to enable it.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Access request list is not displayed correctly** - Items are now displayed as multiple lines instead of single line comma separated when using arrays inside a field.
* **Search field from the Marketplace home page does not return results** - The URL referencing the search has been corrected to properly take the user entry as a URL parameter.
* **Category search does not return the associated product** - Assigned products are now returned when selecting a category from the Marketplace Category listing.
* **The number of items on the application page is missing** - The number of existing applications is now displayed at the top and the bottom of the page.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcement

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).
