---
title: Amplify February 24 2023
linkTitle: Amplify February 24 2023
weight: 30
draft: true
date: 2023-02-22
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.46. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version          |
|--------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.45                 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.38                 |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.41                 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.8 / TA=v2.0.51 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.9                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.15                 |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature updates for Axway Agent SDK

The agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features or enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway Agent SDK

* **Incorrect API service status** - Previously, the API service status (e.g., published/unpublished) did not update immediately due to a synchronization issue. Now, the API service status updates properly.

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Publish an API progress bar** - A progress bar displays the actions when publishing an API service to the Marketplace.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

* **Asset entitlement** - The Asset Catalog prevents the activation of assets that exceed the purchased maximum asset entitlement.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Product Category in multiple Marketplaces context** - With the introduction of multiple Marketplaces, it is now possible to use a category in one or more Marketplace. The category can be featured in specific Marketplace. Existing Product Category are migrated and available in all Marketplaces.

{{< alert title="Caution" color="danger" >}}The behavior is a breaking change from the previous category visibility API. The visibility object (`CategoryVisibility`) is now separated from the category object to handle the Marketplace specific. See [API definition](https://apicentral.axway.com/apis/docs).{{< /alert >}}

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Product access specific rights raise an error when no owner is set** - Now, when a Catalog Manager attempts to enforce access rights, the Product Owner is automatically assigned to the team the user logged in under. Central Admin still cannot set an owner but can set read/write access to a specific team.
* **Pagination issue in the category list view and plan list view** - Previously, the user could not navigate to other list pages using the pagination controller, resulting in the user seeing the records displayed on the first page. Now, they can use the pagination controller to jump to any page.
* **Free plan quota not created with a default value** - Now, the default limit value 1 is considered and correctly creates the plan quota.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

* **Publish from Service Registry to the Marketplace** - The image from the API service is used as a reference for the asset and the product, but it is not displayed in the Marketplace.

### Business insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Category works in multiple Marketplaces context** - With the introduction of multiple Marketplaces, it is now possible to use a category in one or more Marketplace. The category can be featured in a specific Marketplace.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.
