---
title: Amplify November 3 2023
linkTitle: Amplify November 3 2023
weight: 4
draft: true
date: 2023-11-1
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agent versions

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.67. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agent versions and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.62 /8TA=v1.1.65 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.52 / TA-v1.1.54 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.58 / TA=v1.1.62 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.24 / TA=v2.0.67 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.25                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.35                  |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.13                  |

### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Agent SDK

There are no new enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Security updates** - Security fixes have been included in the Agent SDK.
* **Discovery of duplicate APIs** - Duplicate APIs are no longer discovered while the cache is being rebuilt.

#### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### On-premise agents

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway

* **Credential Request using API Key** - The Credential Request definition is properly created for APIs protected by an API Key.
* **Credential Request using OAuth** - The Credential Request definition is properly created for APIs protected with an external OAuth server.
* **Transaction Event duration** - Now, the summary duration of Transaction events is not always set to 0 milliseconds.

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Gateway

There are no new enhancements in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway

* **Error returned for connection issues** - An improvement was made to the Azure agent for the handling of connection issues with the Azure Gateway.

##### Known issues for Azure Gateway agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Mulesoft Gateway

* **ID and password authentication** - The Mulesoft Discovery Agent has added support for client ID and password authentication to the Mulesoft Gateway.

##### Bug fixes for Mulesoft Gateway

* **Discovery of API policies error message** - The determination of API policies and security applied on the Mulesoft Gateway has been improved.

##### Known issues for Mulesoft Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Software AG webMethods Gateway

The Software AG webMethods agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### SaaS (embedded) agents

The Embedded AWS Gateway, Apigee X, and GitHub Discovery agents have been released.  There are no enhancements available in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Embedded AWS Gateway agent

* **Connection Failed error** - The AWS Embedded Discovery Agent no longer incorrectly returns the Connection Failed error.
* **Provisioning with same application** - The AWS Embedded DA now provisions credentials when using the same application for different resources.

### Service Registry

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Topology

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Topology

* **Stage support** - Stage has been added to support a use case where providers want to associate a stage with an environment/API service (e.g., dev or production lifecycle stage). A stage sub-menu within Topology can be used to create, edit, view, and delete stages.  Any stage can be associated with multiple environments. The stage can be configured to be visible for any Marketplace or team/user.
* **Environment Stage support** - Stage(s) can be associated with any environment and the default stage can be configured for an environment. The default stage will be assigned to all API services added to the environment when a stage is not specifically assigned during agent discovery or when an API service is created manually by the producer.

#### Bug fixes for Topology

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Topology

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

* **Endpoints and Stage support** - Endpoint(s) along with the associated stage can be grouped in an asset.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

There are no new enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Table search on a specific page does not find anything even when searching for something that exists** - The pagination of tables has been fixed. Users can now search for items from any page and will be provided an accurate result.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Stage support** - Once the consumer is part of a team that has visibility of the stage, the consumer will be able to see the resources (from *Product - Resources* or *product plan details*). If the consumer is part of multiple teams, then when subscribing, a warning is displayed to inform them that what they see is not necessarily what the subscriber owning team will have access to.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

* **Appearance component** - Marketplace appearance settings do not apply to the Swagger UI used to show API documentation and the screens used for displaying additional custom fields when subscribing / requesting access / requesting credentials.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcement

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).
