---
title: Amplify October 6 2023
linkTitle: Amplify October 6 2023
weight: 6
draft: true
date: 2023-10-2
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.64. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.60 / TA=v1.1.62 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.50 / TA-v1.1.52 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.55 / TA=v1.1.60 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.22 / TA=v2.0.66 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.23                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.29                  |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.11                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Agent SDK

There are no new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Metrics collection improvement** - The bulk collection of reported metrics has been improved.
* **Agent log file size** - The agent log file default max size is now 10 MBytes.
* **Platform usage count reporting** - The platform usage counts are now sent on the scheduled date/time set by the CENTRAL_USAGEREPORTING_USAGESCHEDULE environment variable.

##### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Embedded agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Embedded agent

There are no new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Embedded agent

* **Traceability sampling rate** - A zero value is now interpreted as zero percent sampling rate for the Embedded Traceability Agent.
* **Environment not deleted** - The environment deletion action for Embedded agent environments now works as designed. Environments are no longer stuck in the deletion pending state.

##### Known issues for Embedded agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Apigee Edge

* **API Proxies without a Specification** - API Proxies that do not contain an API Specification file are not discovered.

##### Bug fixes for Apigee Edge

* **Discovery Agent stops running** - A fatal error no longer occurs a few hours after starting the agent.
* **API Service endpoint not discovered** - API Endpoints in proxy mode with the correct scheme are now discovered.
* **Product access not revoked** - Product access is now revoked if the access request is deprovisioned.

##### Known issues for Apigee Edge

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Software AG webMethods Gateway

The Software AG webMethods agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Topology

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Subscription quota visualization** - A new indicator showing the quota usage is displayed in the subscription details page.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Corrupted PDF files** - When uploading a PDF in the Document Library, a check is now done to verify that the PDF contains the correct metadata.
* **Document Resource resources are not shown correctly in the WebUI when switching versions** - When the user switches from one product version to another, the documentation and resources are now displayed correctly.
* **Adding a category to an active product that is in draft state shows invalid messages** - Adding categories to a product does not invalidate the asset resources attached to the product releases.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Subscription quota visualization** - A new indicator showing the quota usage is displayed in the subscription details page.
* **Marketplace theming** - New settings have been added to the Marketplace appearance to allow a better configuration of the various element colors of the Marketplace WebUI.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Archived plans (with archived subscriptions) still show up in the plan's details and allow users to subscribe** - Archived plans cannot be subscribed to.
* **Use existing Oauth token to try out the APIs** - The authorization swaggerUI popup has been enhanced to allow the consumer to provide their own Oauth token instead of using the authorization flows.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcement

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).
