---
title: Amplify August 25 2023
linkTitle: Amplify August 25 2023
weight: 9
draft: true
date: 2023-08-22
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.61. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.57 / TA=v1.1.59 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.47 / TA-v1.1.49 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.52 / TA=v1.1.57 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.19 / TA=v2.0.63 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.20                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.26                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Agent SDK

There are no new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **IdP Authentication methods** - Additional IdP authentication methods have been added to support Financial Data Exchange standards. The supported authentication method types are client_secret_basic, client_secret_post, client_secret_jwt, private_key_jwt, tls_client_auth and self_signed_tls_client_auth.
* **Caching of API IDs** - An improvement was made to how the Traceability Agent associates traffic to Marketplace subscriptions. The Agent now updates the API ID cache if connection issues happen and at regular intervals.

##### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Gateway

* **Consumer Organization ID** - An enhancement was made to append the Consumer Organization ID as a custom attribute visible on the Axway API Manager.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway

There are no bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Embedded agent

The Embedded agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Compliance validation filters** - The Service Registry list view can be filtered to display one or more selected security and design compliance grades.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Topology

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature enhancements for Asset Catalog

There are no new features in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

* **Asset activation** - The developer role can now activate an asset that is owned by the team the developer role is a member of.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no know limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Document Library** - The Document Library allows users to centralize their documentation. This centralized documentation can then be referenced in product documentation or in the Marketplace settings (footer link / menus link). Refer to [Document Library](/docs/manage_document_library).
* **Product documentation rebranding** - The product documentation has a new look and feel for creating topics, sections and articles.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Asset categories available in product creation wizard** - The product wizard shows only the global categories or the product categories.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.
