---
title: Amplify March 10 2023
linkTitle: Amplify March 10 2023
weight: 30
draft: true
date: 2023-03-06
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.47. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version          |
|--------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.46                 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.39                 |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.42                 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.9 / TA=v2.0.52 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.10                 |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.16                 |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway Agent SDK

* **Usage reporting frequency reduced** - The default usage report frequency has been reduced to decrease the number of files and data stored. The default time interval for sending usage reports is 24 hours. The Traceability Agent will continue to calculate the usage more frequently than daily.

##### Bug fixes for Axway Agent SDK

There are no bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

 The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Gateway

* **Axway Agent SDK** - The Axway API Management agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK.
* **Improve the display of Discovery Agent log messages** - The Discovery Agent log messages are more readable with a fixed line length and display format. Each line begins with the date and time, followed by error/info message content.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway

There are no bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Service details page includes metrics** - The Service details page includes the metrics of the number of teams the service is shared with, along with the number of consumers who have approved access requests (subscriptions) to the service.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

* **Asset Catalog list view UX improvement** - The **Add new Asset** button is disabled on the UI if the maximum asset entitlement has been reached. The first-time activation of an asset release will disable the **Activate** button and display a warning message in the UI.  
* **Asset details view UX improvement** - The *Environment* column is displayed in the UI next to *Resource Name*.  This allows a Provider to see if identically named resources are in different environments.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Product details screen re-organization** - To get clarity of what belongs to the product and what belongs to the product versions, a new **Version** tab containing all product versions is now available in the product details page. This tab is used to manipulate product versions; whereas, the other tabs are used to manipulate product information. Two other new tabs have been introduced: **Categories** where Catalog Manager can see all the categories assigned to the product, and **Tags & Attributes**`** where the specific information is displayed.
* **Unpublish product from Marketplace** - Similar to the *publish product to marketplace* action, it is now possible for a Catalog Manager to *unpublish a product from one marketplace*. This action is not allowed if there are still active subscription in the marketplace.
* **Product Category in multiple Marketplaces context** - With the introduction of multiple Marketplaces, it is now possible to use a category in one or more Marketplace. The category can be featured in a specific Marketplace. Existing Product Categories are migrated and available in all Marketplaces.

{{< alert title="Caution" color="danger" >}}The behavior is a breaking change from the previous category visibility API. The visibility object (`CategoryVisibility`) is now separated from the category object to specifically handle the Marketplace. See [API definition](https://apicentral.axway.com/apis/docs).{{< /alert >}}

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Failure when not selecting any owner for a product if the user is team restricted** - Previously, when creating/updating a product, if the owner was not set in the Access Rights section, an error was raised. Now, the owner is automatically set with the team when the current user is performing the modification. If a Central Admin is doing the modification, the owner can be set at the same time as other rights (Read only / Write).

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

* **Publish from Service Registry to the Marketplace** - The image from the API service is used as a reference for the asset and the product, but it is not displayed in the Marketplace.

### Business insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Category works in multiple Marketplaces context** - With the introduction of multiple Marketplaces, it is now possible to use a category in one or more Marketplace. The category can be featured in a specific Marketplace.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.
