---
title: Amplify June 2 2023
linkTitle: Amplify June 2 2023
weight: 14
draft: true
date: 2023-05-30
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.54. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.51 / TA=v1.1.53 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.42 / TA-v1.1.44 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.47 / TA=v1.1.48 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.14 / TA=v2.0.58 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.14                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.21                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway Agent SDK

There are no enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway Agent SDK

* **Metrics** - When agents have APIs that rely on a stage property, the reported metric usage could not relate transactions to a specific consumer context. This has been fixed.
* **Offline usage reporting** - With offline usage reporting support, an error caused the agent to exit at startup. This has been fixed.

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Embedded agent

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

There are no new features in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

* **Team Ownership list** -  A user with multiple roles could not see the Team Ownership list when publishing an API Service to the Marketplace. This is now fixed.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Topology

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

There are no new features in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

* **Draft Asset Activation** - A user with multiple roles in a team could not activate an asset in draft state via the Web UI. This is now fixed.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **UI improvements** - The consumer org team is visible in the Subscriptions/Credentials screen.
* **Billing Integration** - When defining a quota type, a standard loose quota type can be created that is different from the billing period. Monthly plan billing is not allowed with "Annual" loose quota types.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Image upload** - Adding an image resulted in a black background. This is now fixed to behave correctly.
* **Products display** - A placeholder image has been added to the product card when none is set to be consistent with other image placeholders in the Web UI.
* **Plan deprecation** - When deprecating a plan, the drop-down for the new plans list was truncated based on screen resolution. This is now fixed to display the entire list of plans.
* **Product subscription information** - When the product was in two or more Marketplaces, some information was missing from the subscription. This is now fixed to show all the information.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Categories** - Category image selector is improved to allow for horizontal image selection.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.
