---
title: Amplify June 16 2023
linkTitle: Amplify June 16 2023
weight: 13
draft: true
date: 2023-06-13
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.55. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.52 / TA=v1.1.54 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.43 / TA-v1.1.45 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.48 / TA=v1.1.50 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.15 / TA=v2.0.59 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.15                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.22                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway Agent SDK

* **Security patches** - An update has been made to the security patches of some dependent libraries.

##### Bug fixes for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Embedded agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature enhancements for Embedded agent

The Embedded agent has been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Embedded agent

* **Provisioning of credentials** - An fix was made to the handling of credential events (e.g., update and delete requests).

##### Known issues for Embedded agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Topology

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Topology

* **Environment Details** - When compliance validation is enabled for an environment, the Design and / or Security grading are displayed in the Services table.

#### Bug fixes for Topology

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Topology

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

* **Add/Edit Asset** - If compliance validation is enabled, the Design and/or Security grading are displayed during creation / editing of an asset in the Group Resource screen. This enables the provider to make an informed decision whether to add a resource to an asset based on its compliance score.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Category ownership** - Categories can now have an owner and be shared with other teams.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Marketplace sitename** - Users can now configure the Marketplace sitename in the Marketplace settings.
* **Product documentation improvements** - There is a new navigation and display of product documents, including a table of contents for each document.
* **Navigation to product from subscriptions and applications** - Users can now navigate to a product from inside the Applications and Subscriptions screens.
* **Consumer organization invite** - Providers can invite a consumer Organization into a Marketplace.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Team name visibility** - When a consumer was part of multiple teams and the product was visible to only one team, the consumer did not see which team was selected for his subscription. This has been corrected in the UI.
* **UI improvements** - The Marketplace footer had display inconsistencies. These have been fixed. Using the Swagger UI to call non-GET methods now work as expected.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.
