---
title: Amplify April 7 2023
linkTitle: Amplify April 7 2023
weight: 20
draft: true
date: 2023-03-29
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.  It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.49. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.48                  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.40                  |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.44                  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.10 / TA=v2.0.53 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.11                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.17                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features or enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway

* **OPTIONS method transaction events included** - The Traceability Agent has been updated to include transaction events which use the OPTION method.
* **Deprecated API handling** - The Discovery Agent was discovering a deprecated API and only removing the API when both the frontend/backend API were deleted.  A fix was made to no longer include a deprecated API when a new Agent is deployed. In addition, when an API is deprecated, the credential request definition and access request definition are no longer configured for the asset associated with the API instance.  

#### AWS Gateway

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features or enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway

* **Duplicate APIs discovered** - The Discovery Agent has been fixed to not discover the same API again.  The current healthcheck was reusing the discovery process as part of checking connectivity to the Azure API Management plane.  A separate function is now handling the verification of connectivity to the Azure API Management plane (that does not include any discovery of APIs).

#### Istio Gateway

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Marketplace product publication preference enforcement** - A new Publication setting was added at the Marketplace level to control which team can publish product into the Marketplace. By default all teams can publish product to the Marketplace. Marketplace Administrator can allow/disallow specific team to publish their product into specific Marketplace.
* **Consumer subscription status visible to the provider** - The subscription screen displays the subscription status in addition to the approval status. This allows the provider to take informed decision. Refer to Central > Marketplace > Subscriptions.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Create contact, product seen as unpublished** - While creating a support contact, and associating product to it, the product status was not computed correctly (remain Unpublished). Now the status is Published as soon as the product is published in one or more Marketplace.
* **Create category, product seen as unpublished** - While creating a category, and associating product to it, the product status was not computed correctly (remain Unpublished). Now the status is Published as soon as the product is published in one or more Marketplace.
* **Markdown editor toggle side by side does not scroll** - The markdown editor side by side enables to see all the text. The editor has been enriched with the following options: header size / table creation.
* **Plan preview does not scroll** - The plan preview can now scroll among the various quotas defined for a plan.
* **Long category name not displayed correctly** - A Long category name is now truncated after 80 characters.
* **After publishing a product, I am not redirected to the Marketplace product details** - The *View in Marketplace* button is now redirecting the user to the corresponding Marketplace and will open the product details screen. A similar enhancement is available from the product details > Visibility where the provider is able to open the product in the corresponding Marketplace.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

#### Feature updates for Business insights

* **Filtering Business Insights screens** - All Business Insights screens have been enriched with 2 new filters: **Marketplace** (to filter based on marketplace name) and **Organization** (to filter based on the organization: Internal / Consumer organizations)
* **Filtering Business Insights screens** - All names (Application, subscription, product and plan) displayed in Business Insights screens are now based on title of the corresponding object.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Hide sensitive data when user is not logged in** - When consumer is browsing a product resource anonymously, they are no can not view the server url hosting the resource nor try any methods. Only a logged user is able to see those information.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Archiving a product is not visible to the subscribers** - An archived product is only visible in the marketplace to the team(s) that have a subscription for this product regardless the status of the product (Active / Deprecated / Archived).
* **Signing on Marketplace consumer org using Safari 16.2 fails** - Due to some new security constraints on the Safari browser, the login flow was not working. The flow is now corrected and consumers can login using Safari.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.
