---
title: Amplify December 15 2023
linkTitle: Amplify December 15 2023
weight: 3
draft: true
date: 2023-12-11
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agent versions

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.71. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agent versions and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.66 / TA=v1.1.69  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.56 / TA-v1.1.58  |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.62 / TA=v1.1.67  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.28 / TA=v2.0.72  |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.28                   |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.38                   |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.16                   |

### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Agent SDK

* **Spec Parser** - The SDK Spec Parser has been enhanced to allow for more information to be pulled from the API specification document.

#### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Cache refresh** - A fix has been implemented for handling the refresh of the Agent data cache.

#### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### On-premise agents

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Agent

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Agent

* **Oauth scopes** - A fix has been implemented to update Credential Request Definitions with all possible Oauth scopes.
* **Team cache** - A fix has been implemented for triggering the update of the team cache when a new API Manager Organization is created.

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Software AG webMethods Gateway

The Software AG webMethods agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### SaaS (embedded) agents

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Axway Central CLI

The latest version of the Axway Central CLI is v2.20.0. The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Axway Central CLI

There are no new enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Axway Central CLI

* **Deprecate API proxies** - API proxies have been deprecated and functionality to manage them removed from Axway Central CLI version 2.19.0.
* **Embedded AWS Agent install** - A fix was implemented for installing an embedded AWS discovery agent only.

#### Known issues for Axway Central CLI

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Topology

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature update for Topology

* **Endpoint edit** - Edit or delete API service endpoints to change the stage assigned to the endpoint.

#### Bug fixes for Topology

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Topology

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

* **Endpoint linking** - A new endpoint selection experience has been created to allow filtering by state and stage.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Configure a plan term length** - A new option is available when creating / editing a plan to allow providers to configure how often a subscription to the plan will renew (unlimited by default). When a subscription reaches the term length configured on the plan, the subscription is automatically cancelled.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Business Insights

There are no new enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Business Insights

* **CSV files exported from Amplify Business Insights API Health screen does not include all data** - API limits for the CSV export has been increased to 1000 which allows the CSV file to represent all data.

#### Known issues for Business insights

There are no known limitations in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Limit the product plan time** - When viewing a plan, the number of terms for which the plan can be used is displayed in the plan's details view. The subscription details view has been reorganized to display the date of the subscription expiration.
* **Remove corrupted resources from Active plan** - When viewing the plan quota, the corrupted resources can now be removed by using the bin icon. The bin icon is also present when the plan is in draft state.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **HTTP Basic not available when authorizing** - The HTTP Basic auth type has been added to the Authentication side pane.
* **Subscription approval events get sent twice** - Now only one approval event is sent.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcements

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).
