---
title: Amplify October 7th 2022
linkTitle: Amplify October 7th 2022
weight: 75
date: 2022-10-03
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.38. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version|
|--------------------------------------------|--------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.32       |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.29       |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.32       |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | 2.0.38       |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.1        |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.10        |

There are no new enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

#### Axway Agent SDK

There are no known feature updates in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway Agent SDK

* **Credential Validation** - The credential validation has a null pointer exception fix if a credential is found without an expiry policy. 

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Azure

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature updates for Azure

* **Quota provisioning** - The Product plan quota can be provisioned on an Azure Gateway. This capability allows the Product to have a plan limiting the quantity of usage of product per a specified time interval.

##### Bug fixes for Aaure Gateway

There are no known bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Azure Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature updates for Axway API Management Gateway

There are no known feature updates in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway

* **Single Entry Point URL** - The Discovery Agent has been fixed to use the custome URL from the da_env_var.env file (CENTRAL_SINGLEURL).

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

* **Auto-asset release from latest API Service versions** - When "enable auto releases" on the asset is selected and the asset is configured to always include the latest API Service version, a new asset (configurable) major/minor/patch version is releaseed whenever there is a new API service version detected. This can then be consumed by a product which may be configured for auto-release for consumption in the marketplace. This capability is currently available for use with the Central CLI / APIs.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Filter access requests** - Filtering by Access request state (Pending, Success, Error), Organization and Team Ownership was added to the Access Request screen.
* **Product wizard update to create product category while creating/editing product** - The Add new product wizard has been ehnanced to create categories that can be used only in the context of the products, instead of global categories.
* **Auto-product release from latest Asset versions** - When "enable auto releases" on the product is selected and the product is configured to always include the latest Asset version, a new product (configurable) major/minor/patch version is released whenever there is a new Asset version detected. This new product release can be consumed in the marketplace. This capability is currently available for use with the Central CLI / APIs.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Product plans not inheriting the product ownership** - After the fix, when a user that is assigned the Central Admin role creates a plan, the plan has now the same ownership as the product.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Browse products and product card usability ehancements** - Several styling and usability issues have been corrected, which includes:
  * Search bar now shows a summary of results matching the search keywords of the total records.
  * Browse products screen is responsive to different screen sizes.
  * The product card expands to full view on hover over.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Product plan display issues** - Fixed several display issues on the product plan and product plan details screen, including showing 0.00 instead of Free for free plans.
* **Remaining time to view credential issue** - Prior to this fix, the remaining time to view a credential which is set to 3 days would not update, and the view credential button was always displayed.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements and bug fixes in this release.
