---
title: Amplify December 2nd 2022
linkTitle: Amplify December 2nd 2022
weight: 55
date: 2022-12-01
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.42. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version          |
|--------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.37                 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.33                 |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.36                 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.4 / TA=v2.0.46 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.3                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.10                 |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature updates for Axway Agent SDK

There are no enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway Agent SDK

* **API Service Revision Handling** - The Discovery Agent has been updated to use a better method at startup of comparing API Service revisions (i.e. to use a hash).
* **Environment Resource creation** - The Discover Agent has been updated to create an agent resource at startup if the agent resource does not exist at startup.

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

* **Access Rights** - Access Rights are now selectable from the Environment wizard UI and the API Service wizard UI to enable the selection of read only sharing.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Plan and quota corruption display** - When a plan or a quota contains a corrupted resources, a visual indicator is now displayed to allow providers to detect them and take appropriate actions for correction.
* **Product Edits** - Editing of the Product profile, Product documentation, and Product categories are reflected in the Marketplace product immediately after the edits are saved.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Never ending ellipsis for Archived product with no releases** - The UI was not able to show the current version of a product when the product was archived wth no releases.
* **Country code on the support contact did not indicate that '+' is required in front of the digits** - The contry code can now be selected from a pre-defined list in a drop-down menu. A defaut value is set based on the browser local timezone.
* **Unable to add all assets to a product** - Prior to the fix, the select all check box did not select all assets.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Business Insights

* **Some data are marked with Not set** - The non-Marketplace related data are no more showned up in the Subscriptions and Applications reports.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Subscription details page** - Consumer and Subscription Manager can now access the subscription details information by navigationg to Marketplace -> Subscriptions -> Select a product -> Click the ellipses menu to open up Subscription details sideblade.
* **Direct product access** - The product url has been simplified to be able to bookmark it.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Manually approved access request are not synchronize** - When an access request is manually approved, the status was not correctly reflected on the access request page for a resource.
* **Subscription plans were not displayed for corrupted products** - Prior to this fix, the product plan details screen failed to load plans that contained corrupted (removed resources. All plans are now visible.
* **Icons displayed in the documentation overview are stretched using Safari browser** - The proper size icon is now displayed.
* **Accessing a marketplace after another one does not work** - When moving from one marketplace url to another marketplace, the http2.0 connection was resued for all marketplaces instead of checking that the backend url were different and let the browser intiate a new connection.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.
