---
title: Amplify December 16th 2022
linkTitle: Amplify December 16th 2022
weight: 50
date: 2022-12-15
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.43. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version          |
|--------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.38                 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.34                 |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.37                 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.4 / TA=v2.0.47 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.4                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.13                 |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature updates for Axway Agent SDK

** Unpublished API** - The processing of unpublished API Services has been improved. 
** Error Logs** - The Agent SDK was improved to check duration and interval values within a recommended range.  This will reduce the amount of error logs generated

##### Bug fixes for Axway Agent SDK

There are no bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

Enhancements for the Axway Management Gateway

* **Virtual Host support** - The Discovery Agent can detect multiple frontend APIs with the same backend API (Virtual Host).
* **Unublished API** - The Discovery Agent will only discovery published front end APIs.   Unpublished front end APIs are ignored by the Discovery Agent.
* **CPU Utilization** - The number of workers used to discover APIs can be configured with the APIMANAGER_WORKERS environment variable.  Reducing the number of workers will reduct the number of requests the Discovery Agent makes to the V7 Manager resulting in a lower CPU Utilization.

The agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

* **Base4 Encoding** - The Istio Agents now support the use of base64 encoded secrets to create k8s secrets for the agents.
* **Error Log Messages** - The Istio Agents have been updated to no longer generate un-neccessary log messages during cleanup. 

The agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Traceability Agent has been updated with a new method of acquiriing API traffic metrics for display on the Business Insights page.

The agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

* **Metric Events** - The Mulesoft agent has been updated to setup the consumer details in the metric event.  
* **Provisioning Application** - The Provisioning application has been changed to allow correlation in the metric event with the consumer details. 
* **Traceability Configuration** - The setup of Traceability Agent configuration has been fixed. 

The agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

* **Team Sharing** - Assets via the web UI wizard can be shared with other teams in the organization with either Ready-only or Edit permissions.  The sharing enables multiple teams to collaborate on the Asset configuration. 
* **Edit API** - API Services in non-connected agent environments can be edited for the icon, description, team ownership and sharing from the web UI environment details page.
* **Asset details improvement** - The UX of web UI for asset details has been updated to display a clearer separation between asset specific configuration and asset version specific configuration.  

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Support contact office hours** - For support contact, you can define the office hours when someone can answer the phone call.
* **Multi marketplace support** - It is now possible to publish a product to a specific marketplace and make it visible for a specific audience in this marketplace.
* **Team Sharing** - Products can be shared with other teams in the organization with either Ready-only or Edit permissions.  The sharing enables multiple teams to collaborate on the Product configuration. 

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Provider can not see the subscribing list** - A subscription owned by a team from a consumer organization is now visible to the provider.
* **Desynchronization of the Product's publication status** - When a product is shared with another team, the shared team can now see the correct published status.
* **Product using a shared asset is not displayed correctly** - catalog manager is now able to see the name of the product asset even if his team does not own the asset.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Business insights

There are no enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Business insights

* **Bug** - Description.

#### Known issues for Business insights

There are no known limitations in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Muli marketplace support** - Provider can enable multiple marketplaces based on his entitlement. Product can be published to one or more marketplace.
* **Application page enhancement** - The application details page has been rework to have a better display of the information
* **Corrupted product are not visible in marketplace** - A product having its underline APIService missing is no more vsibible in the marketplace for consumer not having a subscription related to this product.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Marketplace tooltip are narrow** - The marketplace tooltip are now expanded to display several words per line.
* **Non logged users have access to credentials** - Now, only a logged user can see the credential screen.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.
