---
title: Amplify November 4th 2022
linkTitle: Amplify November 4th 2022
weight: 65
date: 2022-11-03
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.40. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version        |
|--------------------------------------------|----------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.34               |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.31               |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.34               |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.2/TA=v2.0.43 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.2                |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.10               |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature updates for Axway Agent SDK

* **HTTP Basic Authenticaion** - The Discovery Agent was enhanced to enable support of HTTP Basic Authentication for inbound security of Marketplace products.

##### Bug fixes for Axway Agent SDK

There are no bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

* **HTTP Basic Authenticaion** - The Discovery Agent was enhanced to support HTTP Basic Authentication for inbound security of Marketplace products.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Agents were updated with the latest Agent SDK.

#### Azure Gateway

The AWS Agents were updated with the latest Agent SDK.

#### Istio Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature updates for Istio Gateway

* **Usage Tracking Customization** - The Istio Traceability Agent has been enhanced to support an alternative method of associating usage traffic to a Client ID/subscription.  Then environment variables can be used to define what filter is used to associate usage traffic.   See the configure to override default values documentation here:  https://docs.axway.com/bundle/amplify-central/page/docs/connect_manage_environ/mesh_management/deploy-agents-with-helm/index.html 

##### Bug fixes for Istio Gateway

There are no bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Istio Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

There are no enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

* **Edit Asset** - An Asset can be edited from the Web UI with or without the release of a new Asset verion. An Asset title, description, team ownership, access rights, tags and attributes can we adjusted without the release of a new Asset version.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Support Contact** - Catalog Manager can provide to his consumer a support contact to help them. The support cotact is composed of a name, email and phone number. The same support contact can be assigned to multiple product. Support contact cannot be deleted until assigned to a product.
* **Edit Product** - A Product can be edited from the Web UI with or without the release of a new Product verion. A Product title, description, team ownership, access rights, tags and attributes can we adjusted without the release of a new Product version.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Subscription Approver role is not able to see the access request from consumer organization** - The query to view the access request take now in consideration the product owner team instead of the access request owner team.
* **Creating product and plan and changing the product plan ownership fails** - Central Administrator can now create product/plan and change the ownership at the same time
* **Wrong plan ownership** - When creating a plan for an existing product, the plan owner team is set based on the product owner team.
* **Quota price validation** - The quota price is now validated according to the Maximum number allowed (999,999,999)

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Support contact** - When provider assign a support contact to a product, the consumer is able to see these information on the product details screen.
* **Product resources page improvement** - The product resource page button bar has been enriched with the eye icon to view the swagger definition of the resource. It is also more obvious that the resource tile is a clickable link.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Issue with the "logical name" of the category - Product Foundry** - Editing a product category does not lost anymore the category type and does not prevent to edit multiple times a category.
* **Confusing plan count on product tile** - The product plan count is now displaying only active plan count.
* **Confusing sign in page** - When provider does not allow the consumer organization usage, the consumer is now automatically redirected to the provider organization login screen. When provider allows consumer organization usage, the consumer is redirected to the consumer organization login screen.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

* **Access requests are not accessible from the Product Details > Resource screen** - However, they are visible from the Application details page.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements and bug fixes in this release.
