---
title: Amplify March 10 2023
linkTitle: Amplify March 10 2023
weight: 30
date: 2023-03-06
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.47. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version          |
|--------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.46                 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.39                 |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.42                 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.9 / TA=v2.0.52 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.10                 |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.16                 |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature updates for Axway Agent SDK

The agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features or bug fixes in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway Agent SDK

* **Usage reporting frequency reduced** - The default usage report frequency has been reduced.  The defult time interval for sending usage reports is 24 hours to reduce the amount of files and data stored.  The Traceability agent will continue to calculate the usage more frequently than daily.

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, or bug fixes in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Mnangement Gateway Agent

* **Improve the display of Discovery Agent log messages** - The Dicovery Agent log messages are more readable with a fixed line length and display format.  Each line begins with the date and time followed error/info message content.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Service Details includes metrics** - The Service Detaails page includes the metrics of the number of teams the service is shared with along with the number of consumers who have approved access requests (subscriptions) to the service.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

* **Asset List View UX impovement** - The 'Add an Asset' button is now disabled on the UI if the maximum Asset entitlement has been reached.   The first-time activation of a asset release will have the 'activate' button disabled along with a warning message displayed on the UI.  

* **Asset Details View UX impovement** - The environment column is displayed on the UI next to the Service name.  Thie allows a Provider to see identically named Service are in different environments.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Product details screen re-organization** - In order to get clarity of what belongs to the product and what belongs to the product versions, a new tab `Version` containing all product version is now available in the product details screen. This tab enables to manipulates the product versions whereas others tabs manipulate product information. Two other tabs have been introduced too: `Categories` where Catalog Manager can see all the categories assigned to the product / `Tags & Attributes` to display these specific information.
* **Unpublish product from Marketplace** - Similar to the publish product to marketplace, it is now possible for a Catalog Manager to unpublish a product from one marketplace. This action is not allowed if there are still active subscription in the marketplace.
* **Product Category in multiple Marketplaces context** - With the introduction of multiple Marketplaces, it is now possible to use a category in one or more Marketplace. The category can be featured in specific Marketplace. Existing Product Category are migrated and available in all Marketplaces.

{{< alert title="Warning" color="warning" >}}The behavior is a breaking change from the previous category visibility API. The visibility object (`CategoryVisibility`) is now separated from the category object to handle the Marketplace specific. See [API definition](https://apicentral.axway.com/apis/docs).{{< /alert >}}

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Failure when not selecting any owner for a Product if the user is team restricted** - Previously, when creating/updating a product if the owner was not set in the Access Rights section, an error was raised. Now, the owner is automatically set with the team the current user is performing the modification. In case a Central Admin is doing the modification, the owner can be set or not at the same time as other rights (Read only / Write).

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

* **Publish from Service Registry to the Marketplace** - The image from the API Service is used as a reference for the asset and the product, but it is not displayed in the Marketplace.

### Business insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Category works in multiple Marketplaces context** - With the introduction of multiple Marketplaces, it is now possible to use a category in one or more Marketplace. The category can be featured in a specific Marketplace.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.
