---
title: Amplify September 22 2023
linkTitle: Amplify September 22 2023
weight: 7
date: 2023-09-20
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.63. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.59 / TA=v1.1.61 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.49 / TA-v1.1.51 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.54 / TA=v1.1.59 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.21 / TA=v2.0.65 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.22                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.28                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Agent SDK

There are no new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Offline Traceability Agent** - A fix was made when using the Traceability Agent in offline mode to prevent a run-time error.  

##### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Embedded agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Embedded agent

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Embedded agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Topology

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no new features or known issues in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

* **Asset Access Rights not saved** - A fix was made to the WebUI to save changes made to the Access Rights when editing an Asset.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Document library** - A new type of document is available from the Document Library: External link. This allows provider to use external link (confluence page, github project..) as a document in the library. Then it can be attached either as footer or menu element in the Marketplace or as part of a product documentation.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Product filter plan not working** - The filtering product plan is now only filtering the current product plans.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Grouping resource per asset** - A new column showing the resource group (i.e. asset name) a resource belongs to is visible in the product resource page. The filter above the table allows to search per resource title and/or resource group. For that, the provider has to select the option "Group per asset" when publishing the product. When provider does not select the "Group per asset" option, the Resource group colunn is not visible in the Marketplace.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Provider can subscribe to an archive plan** - The archived plan are only visible to the consumer already having a subscription for it. Archived plan cannot be subscribe anymore.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcement

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).
