---
title: Amplify February 24 2023
linkTitle: Amplify February 24 2023
weight: 30
date: 2023-02-22
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.46. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version          |
|--------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.45                 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.38                 |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.41                 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.8 / TA=v2.0.51 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.9                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.15                 |

#### Axway Agent SDK

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

##### Feature updates for Axway Agent SDK

The agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features or enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway AGent SDK

* **Incorrect API Service Status** - The API Service status  (e.g. published/unpublished) may not update immediately or be delayed due to a synchronization issue.  This has been fixed to update the API Service Status properly.  

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature updates for Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Maagement agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Publish an API progress bar** - As a UX enhancement, a progress bar display the actions when Publishing an API Service to the Marketplace has been added.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

* **Asset Entitlement** - The Asset Catalog will prevent the activation of assets which exceed the purchased maximum asset entitlement.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

There are no bug fixes in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Product Category in multi-marketplaces context** - with the introduction of multiple marketplaces, it is now possible to use a category in one or more marketplace. The category can be featured in specific marketplace. Existing Product Category are migrated and available in all marketplaces.

{{< alert title="Warning" color="warning" >}}The behavior is a breaking change from the previous Category visibility API. The visibility object (`CategoryVisibility`) is now separated from the category object to handle the marketplace specific. Refer to [API definition](https://apicentral.axway.com/apis/docs){{< /alert >}}

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Product access specific rights raise an error when no owner is set** - Now when provider wants to enforce access rights, the owner is automatically assigned based on the ownership of the product. Central admin can still no set a owner but set read/write access to specific team.
* **Category table listing cannot navigate to any page the first time** - Now the pagination of category list, plan list allows to navigate from one page to another.
* **Free plan quota not created with default value** - now the default limit value 1 is taken correctly into account and create correctly the plan quota.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

* **Publish from Service Registry to the Marketplace** - The image from the API Service is used as a reference for the asset and the product, but it is not displayed in the Marketplace.

### Business insights

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Business insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Business insights

There are no known limitations in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Category works in multi-marketplace context** - The categories are visible/featured on marketplace based on the Provider decision to use visible and/or featured product category in the marketplace. Different marketplaces can have different categories as well as different featured categories.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* None.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.
