---
title: Amplify November 03 2023
linkTitle: Amplify November 03 2023
weight: 4
date: 2023-11-1
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.67. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.62 /8TA=v1.1.65 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.52 / TA-v1.1.54 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.58 / TA=v1.1.62 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.24 / TA=v2.0.67 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.25                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.35                  |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.13                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Agent SDK

There are no new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Security Updates** - Security fixes have been included in the Agent SDK.
* **Discovery duplicate APIs** - A fix was made to prevent the discovery of duplicate APIs while the cache is being rebuilt.

##### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Ground Agents

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway

* **Credential Request using API Key** - A fix was made to create a Credential request definition properly for APIs protected by an API Key.
* **Credential Request using OAuth** - A fix was made to create a Credential request definition properly for APIs protected by with an external OAuth provider.
* **Tranaction Event duration** - A fix was made to summary duration of Transaction events was always 0 milliseconds.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

##### Enhancements for Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway

* **Error returned for Connection Issues** - An improvement was made to the Azure agent for the handling of connection issues with the Azure gateway. 

##### Known issues for Azure Gateway agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. 

##### Enhancements for Mulesoft Gateway

* **ID and Password Authentication** - The Mulesoft Discovery Agent has added support for client ID and password authentication to the Mulesoft Gateway.

##### Bug fixes for Mulesoft Gateway

* **Discovery of API policies error message** - A fix was made to improve the determination of API policies and security applied on the Mulesoft Gateway. 

#### Software AG webMethods Gateway

The Software AG webMethods agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Embedded agents

The Embedded AWS Gateway, Apigee X, and Githhub Discovery agents have been released.  There are no enhancements available in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Embedded AWS Gateway Agent

* **Connection Failed Errpr** - A fix was made where the AWS Embedded discovery Agent was showing connection failed incorectly.
* **Provisioning with same Application** - A fix was made to the AWS Embedded DA when provisioning using the same application for different resources

### Service Registry

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Topology

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Topology

* **Feature** - Description.

#### Bug fixes for Topology

There are no bug fixes int his release.

#### Known issues for Topology

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

There are no feature updates in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

* **Bug** - Description.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Feature** - Description.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **table search on specific page does not find anything even when searching something existing** - The pagination of table has been fixed to allow user search for items from any page number and provide an accurate result.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Feature** - Description.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Bug** - Description.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

* **Appearance component** - All 3rd party components (*swaggerUI* for displaying the product resources / *react-json schema* for displaying extra fields when subscribing/requesting access/requesting credentials) are not following the Marketplace appearance settings.

### Consumer insights

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Consumer insights

* **Feature** - Description.

#### Bug fixes for Consumer insights

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Consumer insights

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcement

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).
