---
title: Amplify September 8 2023
linkTitle: Amplify September 8 2023
weight: 8
date: 2023-09-06
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.62. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.58 / TA=v1.1.60 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.48 / TA-v1.1.50 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.53 / TA=v1.1.58 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.20 / TA=v2.0.64 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.21                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.27                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Agent SDK

There are no new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Bug** - Description.

##### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Gateway

* **Enhancement** - Description.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway

There are no bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Embedded agent

The Embedded agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Feature** - Description.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Topology

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature enhancements for Asset Catalog

There are no new features in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

* **Bug** - Description.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no know limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Product documentation link to a Document Library document** - From product documentation it is now possible to link a product document article with a document from the Document Library. Then on the preview of the documentation, provider is able to see the content (for known format: Markdown / PDF) or download it (for unknown format)
* **Additional information when consumer subscribe to a product** - a subscritpionDefinitionSchema can be added to plan to enable provider asking additional information from his consumer when they subscribe to a product. Refer to [Plan creation](/docs/manage_product_foundry?manage_product_plans#configure-access) for more information.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

They are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Product documentation link to a Document Library document** - When product documentation is linked to a document from the Document Library consumer is able to see the content (for known format: Markdown / PDF) or download it (for unknown format).
* **Additional information when consumer subscribe to a product** - Using a subscritpionDefinitionSchema, it is now possible for a provider to ask more information from his consumer when they subscribe to a product plan. Refer to [subscription screen definition](/docs/integrate_with_central/customize_ard_crd#customize-subscription-screen) for more information.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Consumer can subscribe to an archive plan** - due to the introduction of the archive status, consumer were able to select an archive plan when subscribing directly from the plan page. This is no longer possible: plan needs to be active for a consumer to subscribe to it.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcement

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of Unified Catalog feature. User is no more able to see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).
