---
title: Amplify June 6 2023
linkTitle: Amplify June 06 2023
weight: 14
date: 2023-05-30
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.  It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.53. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.51 / TA=v1.1.53 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.42 / TA-v1.1.44 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.47 / TA=v1.1.48 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.14 / TA=v2.0.58 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.14                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.21                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway Agent SDK

* **Enhancement** - Description.

##### Bug fixes for Axway Agent SDK

* In agents that have APIs which rely on a stage property the reported metric usage were not able to relate transactions to a specific consumer context.
* In agents that support offline usage reporting an error occurred causing the agent to exit at startup, this has been fixed

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Embedded agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Embedded agent

* **Enhancement** - Description.  

##### Bug fixes for Embedded agent

There are no bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Embedded agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Azure Gateway

The Azure agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway

* **Bug** - Description.

##### Known issues for Azure Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no new feature enhancements or known issues in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

* **Team Ownership list** - A fix was made for a user who had multiple roles on a team and was not able to view all the possible team ownership teams when Publishing an API to the Marketplace via the Web UI.

### Topology

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no new features or enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

* **Draft Asset Activation** - A fix was made for a user who had multiple roles on a team and was not able to activate the draft asset via the Web UI.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Feature** - Description.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Bug** - Description.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Feature** - Description.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Bug** - Description.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.
