---
title: Amplify November 17 2023
linkTitle: Amplify November 17 2023
weight: 3
date: 2023-11-06
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agent versions

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.67. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agent versions and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.62 /8TA=v1.1.65 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.52 / TA-v1.1.54 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.58 / TA=v1.1.62 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.24 / TA=v2.0.67 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.25                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.35                  |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.13                  |

### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Agent SDK

There are no new enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Security updates** - Security fixes have been included in the Agent SDK.

#### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### On-premise agents

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway

* **Azure SDK Update** - The Azure agent was updated to use a new version of an Azure SDK API (2021-08-01 or later).  The older Azure SDK API (2021-08-01) has been deprecated by Azure.  It is recommended that customers upgrade to the latest Azure Gateway Agents.

##### Known issues for Azure Gateway agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Software AG webMethods Gateway

The Software AG webMethods agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### SaaS (embedded) agents

The Embedded AWS Gateway, Apigee X, and GitHub Discovery agents have been released.  There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

* **Publish to Marketplace** - The Publish to Marketplace action now includes all the API Service endpoints by default.  A specific API endpoint can be included or excluded from the Web UI.
* **API Service Endpoint Stage** - The stage of each API Service endpoint is displayed on the Web UI.

### Topology

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Topology

The are no enhancements or bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Known issues for Topology

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The are no enhancements or bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Add the stage of a resource when creating/editing/viewing a product plan quota** - To help provider to be aware of what he is adding to a plan quota, the stage information of the API Service is now visible.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Bug** - Description.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Oauth authentication flow support** - It is now possible to request an OAuth token from the Marketplace Try out screen. This will navigate the user to the authentication screen and back to the Marketplace once the authentication succeed.
* **ISO date format** - All Marketplace screens displaying a date format (Product details / Subscription / Credentials) are now using the YYY-MM-DD ISO format.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Access request list not displayed correctly** - When using arrays inside a field, the items are now seen as multiple line instead of a single line coma separated.
* **Search filed from Marketplace home page does not return any result** - the url referencing the search has been corrected to properly take the user entry as an url parameter.
* **Category search does not return associated product** - In the Marketplace Category listing, selecting a category now returns the assigned products.
* **Missing showing the number of item in application page** - The number of existing applications is now displayed at the top and the bottom of the page.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

* **Issue** - Description.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcement

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).
