---
title: Amplify March 24 2023
linkTitle: Amplify March 24 2023
weight: 25
date: 2023-03-20
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.48. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.47                  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.40                  |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.43                  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.10 / TA=v2.0.53 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.11                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.17                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway Agent SDK

* **Platform URL update for Amplify event traffic** - A change was made to the URL receiving the Amplify event traffic.  Older agent can still send to the older URL as the event traffic will be proxied to the new URL.  It is recommended to update Agents to have all the latest bug fixes.  

##### Bug fixes for Axway Agent SDK

* **Reduction on Amplify event traffic** - In the Agent is not able to startup properly, a number of extra state change events would be sent to the Amplify platform un-neccessarily during startup.  A fix was made to the startup logic to only send updates when the status of the agent changes from the prior status.

* **Traceability Agent sending duplicate metrics events** - During the startup of the Traceability Agent, it was possible to generate duplicate traffic usage counts for API services.  A fix was made to not count traffic events until there was sufficient information (i.e. API service, access request and subscription) to identify a duplicate usage traffic.

* **Handling of duplicate Unified Catalog Categories** - If a new Unified Catalog item is being published/created with the same Title and Category of an existing item, an attempt to create a duplicate category would cause an error.  A fix was maded to use the existing older Category and not create a new Catgory to enable the pubishing of a Catalog item to succeed. 

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Published to Marketplace indicator** - On the Service details page, an indicator just below the metrics will display if the service has been Published or not Publishbed to the Marketplace.   If published to the Marketplace, a count will be included to show a count of the number of published Products consuming the service.  A new tab on the Service details will show a list of all the published products consuming the service.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

There are no new features in this release..

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Unpublish product from Marketplace** - Similar to the *publish product to marketplace* action, it is now possible for a Catalog Manager to *unpublish a product from one marketplace*. This action is not allowed if there are still active subscription in the marketplace.
* **new currencies for paid plan** - Provider has now the possibility to select paid plan currency among the most common used in the world: US Dollar, Euro, Japanese Yen, British Pound, Australian Dollar, Canadian Dollar, Swiss Franc, Chinese Yuan, Hong-Kong Dollar, Singapore Dollar. Depending on the selected currency, the base plan price is formatted accordingly the currency decimal precision.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Issue** - Description.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

* **Long category name are not correctly displayed** - Previously, a long category name was overlapping other surrounding fields. Now, the category name is truncated according to the available space.

### Business insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Marketplace footer** - It is now possible to define the Marketplace footer content. It is a combination of links, image and text. The footer is then displayed in all Marketplace pages (login, Hone page, Product page...).
* **Category list page** - A new page is introduced to list all categories defined in the Marketplace. For each category, a detailed page is available and show the associated product.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **The category visibility is not reflected in the product details page** - Previously, the category list assigned to a product was not filtered based on the category visibility in the Marketplace. Now, only categories visible in specific Marketplace are also displayed in the product details screen. The one that are not visible are not displayed in the product details.
* **Long category name are not correctly displayed** - Previously, a long category name was overlapping other surrounding fields. Now, the category name is truncated according to the available space.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.
