---
title: Amplify May 5 2023
linkTitle: Amplify May 5 2023
weight: 20
date: 2023-05-03
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.  It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.51. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.50                  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.41                  |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.46                  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.10 / TA=v2.0.53 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.12                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.18                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

There are no new features or enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway

* **Memory Leak** - A fix was made to the Traceability Agent for a memory leak while in then open traffic logging mode.

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Embedded Agent

There are no new features, or enhancements in this release..

##### Bug fixes for Embedded Agent

* **API Discovery** - A fix was made to discover AWS APIs which had an empty description field.

##### Known issues for Embedded Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

There are no new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway

* **Azure Credential Deletion** - A fix was made to delete the Azure Credential from the dataplane when the associated Marketplace credential is removed.

##### Known issues for Azure Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Service Registry

* **API Compliance Validation** - Design and Security compliance validation can be enabled/disabled for any environment from the create/edit environment wizard.  The Compliance Validation entitlement must be enabled for the organization. From the Service Registy, the option to manually "Run Rulesets" and perform the action of API Compliance Validation for an API service via the ellipsis menu option. The granding score of the Design and Security compliance in the 'Security' and 'Design' columns.  

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Product visibility restricted to authenticated users** - The product visibility has been enhanced to allow provider forbid access to product when the user are not authenticated in public Marketplace.
* **New currency available for paid plan: Brazilian real** - The Brazilian real has been added to the list of available currencies for paid plan.
* **Create a new product version from an archived product** - Catalog Manager are now allowed to create a new product version from an archived product.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Marketplace name synchronization** - Before the fix, the Marketplace title from marketplace provider object in API Server model were not synchronized with the title entered in the Marketplace settings. Now every change made on the marketplace settings title is reflected in the marketplace object on the provider side (refer to `axway central get marketplaces`).
* **Plan details screen** - The plan details screen displays correctly the quota type (Standard, Tiered-volume, Tiered=graduated and Pa Per Use) as well as the currency associated with it.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Navigation menu behavior** - New option are available for the navigation/help menus: they can be visible either when user is logged in or when user is logged out or both. They can also be opened in a separated tab or no.
* **Rotating credential** - a new option is available for active credentials to enable to create a new credentials based on an existing one. Like this when a credential is about to expire, you can easily replace it with a new one that will have the same characteristics.
* **New currency available for paid plan: Brazilian real** - The Brazilian real has been added to the list of available currencies for paid plan.
* **Marketplace subscription and team visibility** - When a user is part of multiple teams and subscribe to a product visible to only a portion of his team, then the subscription screen allows the subscriber to select only one of the team that can access the product.
* **Can not subscribe on Firefox** - the recent version of Firefox strips the authentication header which prevent the marketplace proxying the platform API to retrieve the team list. Now, platform APIs are call directly without any proxy to retrieve the team list.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Bug** - Description.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.
