---
title: Amplify April 21 2023
linkTitle: Amplify April 21 2023
weight: 20
date: 2023-04-21
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.  It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.51. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.49                  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.41                  |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.45                  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.10 / TA=v2.0.53 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.12                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.18                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

There are no new features or enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway

* **SDK was not updating X-agent-detils** -  A fix was made to update the x-agent-details when the x-agent-details change but the resource does not change.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features or enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway

* **Axway API Management Agent** -  A fix was made to handle a nil pointer when the agent was retriving an API Lofical Key.

#### Embedded Agent 

* **AWS Embedded Discovery Agent** -  A new Agent Discovery service for AWS Gateway that requires no installation and no need to install AWS Config, CloudWatch, and SQS.  The embedded Agent requires an AssumeRole or IAM user to discover API Services from an AWS Gateway.  The creation of new AWS Gateway environment with an embedded Agent can be performed with the Central CLI or the Central webUI. 

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new features or enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway

* **API Updates** - A fix was made to update an existing API Service revision when a change was made to any of the API Methods 

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK.  There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK.  There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK.  There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Support contact added in product details screen** - A new tab is available when viewing the product details: Support contact. It allows to see which contact is assigned to the product.
* **Migrated subscription can be deleted** - As soon as a subscription plan is migrated, the original subscription can be deleted using the WebUI and the Delete action from the ellipsis menu.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Product visibility shows consumer orgs when when disabled on marketplace settings** - To avoid confusion, when the consumer org is disabled in the Marketplace settings, the Marketplace Users section is not shown when publishing a product to this Marketplace.
* **Create support contact wizard enhancements** - The email validator uses the same regex as platform to validate email address. The creation of office hours is now limited to the days that are not assigned yet. You can add a new office hours only when the current one is validated. An alternative method can be added only when the previous one is completed.
* **Paid plan detail screen is missing the quota type** - Quota type (Standard / Tiered / Pay per use) has been added to the plan preview.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

There are no new features or enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Application list does not scroll** - When requesting access to a resource, the dropdown showing the Application list has been updated to load more data as the user scroll it.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.
