---
title: Amplify August 11 2023
linkTitle: Amplify August 11 2023
weight: 10
date: 2023-08-09
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.60. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.56 / TA=v1.1.58 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.46 / TA-v1.1.48 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.51 / TA=v1.1.56 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.18 / TA=v2.0.62 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.19                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.25                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

There are no enhancements or known limitations in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Status Error Hndling** - Fixed a defect with the handling of a status error (400)s by the Discovery Agent.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway

* **Deployemnt on OpenShift** - Fixed a defect to enable the installation for the Traceability Agent on OpenShift.
* **Deployemnt on K8s** - Fixed a defect to the helm chart for deployment of the Traceability Agent allowing path of the Axway API Gateway events to be set with overrides.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Embedded agent

There are no enhancements or known limitations in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Embedded agent

* **Filtering by Tag** - Fixed a defect where the discovery of APIs with matching tages in the REST API stage were not discovered.
* **Updates to Discovered Service** - Fixed a defect where updates were being made to an already discovered and unchanged service were being made.
* **Resource Status update order** - Fixed a defect where the order of status updates to a resource could be incorrect.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or limitations in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway

* **Duration variable** - Fixed a defect where the duration variable would be honored by the Traceability Agent.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no bug fixes or limitations in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **View in Marketplace** - After publishing a Service to the Marketplace, the View in Marketplace action button displays the Marketplace information for the published service.
* **Additional Compliance Validation Rulesets** - Four additional Community supported rulesets have been added and available for use by custom rulesets.  These are as follows:
    * AWS-Gateway - refer to https://github.com/andylockran/spectral-aws-apigateway-ruleset
    * OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project) - refer to https://github.com/stoplightio/spectral-owasp-ruleset
    * documentation - refer to https://github.com/stoplightio/spectral-documentation
    * URL-VERSIONING - https://github.com/stoplightio/spectral-url-versioning

### Topology

There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

There are no new features in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Product activation failure** - This was link to a bad clean up when removing a document from being part of the Document overview. Now the clean up is correct and does not prevent the product activation.
* **No scrollbar in the subscription's details screen** - When the screen resolution is low, a scroll bar has been added to the subscription details screen to be able to see the entire information.
* **Impossible to archive a deprecated plan** - It is now possible for a user to archive a plan even if the plan still have subscriptions attached to it. A confirmation popup is displayed and lists all subscriptions that would be **cancelled** and their access/credentials removed during the plan archival.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

There are no new features in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Access documentation of a product from home screen in Marketplace is not working** - the link to the documentation screen for the product tile is now redirecting the user to the product documentation details screen.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.
