---
title: Amplify July 28 2023
linkTitle: Amplify July 28 2023
weight: 10
date: 2023-07-21
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.57. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.54 / TA=v1.1.56 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.45 / TA-v1.1.47 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.50 / TA=v1.1.53 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.17 / TA=v2.0.61 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.17                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.24                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release. **TBD Because the Agent SDK was rebuilt**

#### Axway API Management Gateway

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Embedded agent

##### Enhancements for Embedded Agent

* **Embedded AWS Traceability Agent** - A new Embedded Agent traceability service for AWS Gateway is now available.  The traceability service reqires an Access Log ARN (Amazon Resource Name) to access transaction events in CloudWatch.  Use Central CLI (**URL link to NPM**) or the Central WebUI to create the new AWS Gateway environment with an Embedded Agent traceability service.
* **Custom Settings for the Embedded AWS Agent** - The Central WebUI, create/edit Environments page, can be used to set customer settings for either the Discovery or Traceabiliey service.   For example, this includes the Team Ownership or filter by tags optional settings.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.There are no enhancements in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Display the API specification version of the service** - The version of all current or older Service revisions has been updated for OAS2, OAS3, and Async services.  The version has been extracted from the API Specification file ( info.version).

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Topology

* **Embedded AWS Traceability Agent** - The Embedded AWS Traceability Service can be configured when creating an Environment. Custom settings for either the Embedded AWS Discovery or Traceability service can be configured from the environment Web UI.

There are no bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

* **Feature** - Description.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

There are no new features in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Subscriptions and accessRequest filter does not show all the team** - Subscriptions and AccessRequest list now display in the team filter all the teams present in the system to allow providers to filter correctly the subscription and access request.
* **Plan status update** - an automatic refresh is performed once a plan gets deprecated to show correctly its new status to the user.
* **Product visibility screen for private marketplace is missing the consumption preferences** - The missing field are now visible regardless of the marketplace type (public / private).
* **Product activation failure after removing product documentation overview** - the remove of product document from the document overview is now cleaning the resource correctly and does not prevent to create a new product release.
* **Impossible to archive a deprecated plan when attached to migrated subscription** - The archival of a plan is now possible even if there are some migrated subscriptions attached to it. The plan archival will force the archive of associated migrated subscriptions. A confirmation popup listing the remaining migrated subscriptions is displayed for the user to confirm the action.
* **Product release name issue** - The next release name is now computed based on the latest release creation instead of the latest release update.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

There are no new features in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Typeahead Search for Applications/Subscriptions is Not Working Properly** - The Application and Subscriptions search does not loose its focus anymore.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.
