---
title: Amplify May 19 2023
linkTitle: Amplify May 19 2023
weight: 15
date: 2023-05-15
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release.  It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.52. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | 1.1.51                  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | 1.1.42                  |
| Azure latest release                       | 1.1.47                  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.13 / TA=v2.0.56 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.13                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.19                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

There are no new bug fixes in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway Agent SDK

* **Credential Expiration** - The Agent SDK has enabled the Discovery Agent to get the time value of credential expiration from the Environment.  The Discovery Agent will use this time value to calculate the expiration date for new credentials.  With this enhancement, two Discovery Agent variables has been deprecated (**CENTRAL_CREDENTIALS_DEPROVISIONONEXPIRE** and **CENTRAL_CREDENTIALS_EXPIRATIONDAYS**).

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release..

#### Embedded agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Embedded agent

* **Custom Variables** -  The Embedded Agent can have custom variables set by the Central CLI or an Axway API.  The variables include the team owner of an API, the Filter by API, set tags or ignore tags during the Discovery of APIs.  

##### Bug fixes for Embedded agent

There are no bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Embedded agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Azure Gateway

The Azure agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway

* **Connection Error Handling** - If the Azure Traceability Agent cannot connect to the Azure event hub either because of an invalid event hub namespace or because of network related issue, the Traceability Agent will log the appropriate error and exit.

##### Known issues for Azure Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **API Compliance Validation** - Design and Security compliance validation is now automatic when enabled for any environment using the create/edit environment wizard. The Compliance Validation entitlement must be enabled for the organization. All API serivces in the configured environment will be automatically Compliance Validated when their Service Revision is updated. The grading score of the Design and Security compliance is displayed in the Security and Design columns.  Compliance Validation can also be triggerd by updating either the Design or Security ruleset.  

##### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

##### Feature updates for Topology

* **Compliance Profiles** - A Compliance Profiles page has been added to the Topology section of the web UI.  The Design and Security rulesets can be viewed or deleted from this page.  Custom design or security rulesets can be uploaded to the Amplify API Management platform by clicking on the **Upload Ruleset** action button.  A Profile name for the ruleset, a Ruleset type, API Type and the Ruleset file must be provided to perform the upload action.

##### Bug fixes for Topology

There are no bug fixes in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Image embedded in markdown documentation** - It is now possible to embed image in markdown. The embedded image is stored as a base64 encoded value. To upload an image in markdown, use the image icon: it opens a dialog where the image can be dropped.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Missing Reference when creating a new version of product** - When user is navigating between 2 product versions (1 active and 1 deprecated) a warning icon was displayed at the resource level on the deprecated version. Now the resource reference are correctly computed for the deprecated product release and the warning icon is only displayed if the resource is not existing in the system.
* **Line break not working in product description** - The markdown editor has been enriched to manage correctly the carriage return.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Business insights

* **Feature** - Description.

#### Bug fixes for Business insights

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Business insights

There are no known limitations in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Stripe billing integration** - To monetize your product from your marketplace, you can enable the Stripe billing integration. This integration will generate invoices as soon as a consumer organization user subscribe to a product and at the end of each month while the subscription is active. Refer to [Marketplace billing](/docs/manage_marketplace/marketplace_billing)
* **Credentials rotation screen** - The credential rotation screen enables to update the credentials parameters based on the original credential parameters.
* **Navigating to the subscription details** - Clicking the **View Subscription** button from the subscription result screen (Pending / Approved / Rejected) allows to directly navigate to the subscription details.
* **Unsubscribe dialog validation** - When a consumer wants to unsubscribe from a product, the validation screen ask now to enter the word "UNSUBSCRIBE" to confirm his choice.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Subscribing from plan details does not pre-fill the plan dropdown** - When subscribing from the product plan details view, the plan is now automatically selected on the subscription screen.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.
