---
title: Amplify December 15 2023
linkTitle: Amplify December 15 2023
weight: 3
date: 2023-12-11
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agent versions

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.71. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agent versions and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.66 / TA=v1.1.69  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.56 / TA-v1.1.58  |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.62 / TA=v1.1.67  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.28 / TA=v2.0.72  |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.28                   |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.38                   |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.16                   |

### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Agent SDK

* **Spec Parser** - The SDK Spec Parser has been enhanced to allow for more information to be pulled from the API specification document.

#### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Cache Refresh** - A fix has been implemented for handling the refresh of the Agent data cache.

#### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### On-premise agents

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Agent

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Agent

* **Oauth Scopes** - A fix has been implemented to update Credential Request Definitions with all possible Oauth scopes.
* **Team Cache** - A fix has been implemented for triggering the update of the team cache when a new API Manager Organization is created.

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Azure Gateway agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Software AG webMethods Gateway

The Software AG webMethods agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### SaaS (embedded) agents

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for SaaS (embedded) agents

There are no new enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for SaaS (embedded) agents

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for SaaS (embedded) agents

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Axway Central CLI

The latest version of the Axway Central CLI is v2.20.0

#### Bug fixes for Axway Central CLI

* **Deprecate API Proxies** - API proxies have been deprecated and functionality to manage them removed from Axway Central CLI.
* **Embedded AWS Agent Install** - A fix was implemented for installing an embedded AWS discovery agent only.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Feature** - Description.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

The following known limitations are in this release

* **Issue** - Description.

### Topology

* **Endpoint Edit** - It is now possible to edit or delete API service endpoints to change the stage assigned to the endpoint.

### Asset Catalog

* **Endpoint Linking** - A new endpoint selection experience has been created to allow filtering by state and stage.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

There are no new enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

* **Bug** - Description.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Limit the product plan time** - new option is available when creating a paid plan to limit the number or renewal (unlimited by default). Like this is possible for the consumer to subscribe for a limited period of time and be sure at the end of the contract that the subscription will be terminated.

### Business insights

#### Bug fixes for Business Insights

* **CSV files exported from Amplify Business Insights API Health screen does not include all data** - API limits for the CSV export has been increased to 1000 which will allow the CSV file to represent all data.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Limit the product plan time** - When viewing a plan, the number of term for which the plan can be used is display in the plan details view. The subscription details screen has been reorganized to show when the subscription will/has expired.
* **Remove corrupted resources from Active plan** - when an API Service is removed but was used in a product plan, the product plan becomes corrupted. It is now possible when viewing the plan quota to remove the corrupted resources using the in icon. The bin icon is also present when the plan is in draft state.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **HTTP Basic not available when authorizing** - With the introduction of the new *Authentication* side panel, it is now possible, for any type of credential, to test the API by providing values that have not been provision from Marketplace.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcements

* The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).
* A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).
