---
title: Amplify June 30 2023
linkTitle: Amplify June 30 2023
weight: 12
date: 2023-06-26
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.56. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.53 / TA=v1.1.55 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.44 / TA-v1.1.46 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.49 / TA=v1.1.51 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.16 / TA=v2.0.60 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.16                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | TBD                     |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway Agent SDK

* **Embedded AWS Traceability sampling and redaction** - Updated the Agent SDK to support configuration of sampling and redaction of API traffic.

##### Bug fixes for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Embedded agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Feature enhancements for Embedded agent

The Embedded agent has been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements, bug fixes, or limitations in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or limitations in this release.

#### Bug fixes for AWS Gateway

* **Agent running status** - There was a fix to improve the accuracy of the AWS agents running status displayed on the Environment details WebUI.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Compliance Validation results** - Compliance Valdation results are displayed on the Service details screen of the WebUI.  A Compliance tab for each API Service version has more detailed information and you are able to download the Compliance results as a Comma-separated Values (CSV) file.  Note that a maximum 
 of 1000 lines of compliance results are available to download.
* **API Specification version** - The Service details screen of the WebUI will display the actual version string from the OAS2, OA3, or Async specification file after a new service revision is created.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

* **Existing API Specification versions** - For previously created API service versions, the Service details screen of the WebUI will NOT display the actual version string from the OAS2, OA3, or Async specification file.

### Topology

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Category publication** - Categories owner can publish category only to the Marketplace their team has the publication rights available.
* **Product resources sort** -  A new option is available when publishing a product: display resource in marketplace grouped per asset. Once this option is activated, the product resources will be sorted first per Asset title and then per resource name in alphabetical order.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Product plan creation** - A warning icon is present in beside the plan name just after creating a plan. Now, a refresh action has been added and the warning icon is no moe visible.
* **Product visibility side blade** - The publication status of the marketplace is not always accurate. Now, the status is correctly reflected.
* **Product Category label** - In the product wizard, some extra labels for the Category page have been removed.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

The following enhancements are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Business insights

* **Multi-value filtering** - All the filters of the Business Insights screens are accepting multiple values as a criteria. And those criteria are persistent from one screen to another hen relevant.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Product resources sort** -  A new option is available when publishing a product: display resource in marketplace grouped per asset. Once this option is activated, the product resources will be sorted first per Asset title and then per resource name in alphabetical order.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

There are no bug fixed in this release.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.
