---
title: Amplify July 14 2023
linkTitle: Amplify July 14 2023
weight: 11
date: 2023-07-10
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agents

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.56. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agents' version and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | Agent version           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.53 / TA=v1.1.55 |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.44 / TA-v1.1.46 |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.49 / TA=v1.1.52 |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.16 / TA=v2.0.60 |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.16                  |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.23                  |

#### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway Agent SDK

* **Enhancement** - Description.

##### Bug fixes for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Axway Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Embedded agent

The Embedded agent has been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for AWS Gateway

There are no enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for AWS Gateway

* **Bug** - Description.

##### Known issues for AWS Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Display the actual swagger version of the Service** - A new column has been added to the Service registry view to display the current version of the API coming from the swagger itself (`info.version`). This version is extracted by the system when a service is added/updated.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

* **Known issue** - Description.

### Topology

There are no new features, bug fixes, or known issues in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

* **Display the actual swagger version of the Service** - The resource view of an asset displays the version of the service coming from the swagger itself (`info.version`).

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* None.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Product plan creation does not stay in the Product Plan section** - When a plan is created, the user is now redirected to the Product Plan section to see the result of its creation.
* **Impossible to create a plan** - after the user saved his plan, a refresh has been added to enable fetching the correct plan status. Since the treatment of the plan creation could be long, the refresh action is automatically performed 3 times with a delay of 2 seconds between each tentative.
* **Wrong Marketplace publication status** - With the multi-marketplace, the product publication status was not accurate. Now, the product publication status will be PUBLISHED as soon as the product is published in one or more Marketplace. Otherwise the status will remain UNPUBLISHED.
* **The publication of a product fails when including plan in invalid state** - The publication screen has been enriched to prevent the user from activating an invalid plan during the product publication process. More, in case, there are no more plan to activate when publishing a product, the user will see a message with the number of plan already activated.
* **Category deletion popup enrichment** - The delete category confirmation popup is now displaying the list of category that are planned to be deleted.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Business insights

* **Feature** - Description.

#### Bug fixes for Business insights

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Business insights

There are no known limitations in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Display the actual swagger version of the Service** - The resource version displayed is coming from the the underline service swagger (`info.version`).

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Switching from a public Marketplace to a private one shows error** - Each time a Marketplace is open, the current user session is checked to ensure the user is able to access the Marketplace. In case the Marketplace he wants to access does not match his current session, a new page is displayed to allow him either the switch organization or logout.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features, bug fixes, or enhancements in this release.
