---
title: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace May 3 2024
linkTitle: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace May 3 2024
weight: 17
date: 2024-04-30
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify Enterprise Marketplace experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agent versions

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.82. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agent versions and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.79 / TA=v1.1.80  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.63 / TA-v1.1.66  |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.69 / TA=v1.1.75  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.35 / TA=v2.0.81  |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.37                   |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.47                   |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.24                   |
| Kong Gateway                               | 1.0.8                    |
| GitLab                                     | 1.0.5                    |
| Kafka Cluster                              | DA=v1.0.5 / TA=v1.0.5    |

| Supported SaaS (embedded) Agents           |
|--------------------------------------------|
| AWS Embedded Service                       |
| Apigee X Embedded Service                  |
| GitHub Embedded Service                    |
| Azure Embedded Service                     |
| SwaggerHub Embedded Service                |

| Runtime Compliance Agents                  | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Graylog API Security                       | 1.0.4                    |

Access the list of available agents from your organization:

* Go to *Help menus > Downloads > Repository* and search for agents.

    -or-

* Go to [https://repository.axway.com/catalog?q=agents](https://repository.axway.com/catalog?q=agents).

### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Agent SDK

There are no new enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Offline Usage Rerorts** - A fix was made to generate a local platform usage report file when the traceability agent is not connected to the Axway API Manager or API Management Gateway.  This file can then be uploaded manually to register the counts of API usage.
* **OAuth Credential Updates** - A fix was made to support the update of OAuth credentials when a scope change is detected to an API Proxy.
* **OAuth Credential Updates** - A fix was made to support custom agents where the API revision value has a default setting. In the case where the API revision value is not set, the transaction events would not be displayed on the API Health chart in Business Insights.
* **Caching library update** - A fix was made to the caching library in the Agent SDK to handle a situation where concurrent map writes are made to the cache.  This would cause the Discovery Agent and Traceability to restart.

#### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### On-premise agents

All the On-premise Agents were affected by changes to the Agent SDK.

#### Axway API Management Gateway Agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Gateway Agent

* **SOAP API subscriptions** - The Disovery Agent has been enhanced to provision/de-provision credentials for Enterprise Marektplace subscriptions.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway Agent

* **OAuth Credential Updates** - A fix was made to update the OAuth credentisls whenever a scope change is detected to an API Proxy.

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Gateway Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Mulesoft Agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Mulesoft Agent

There are no enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Mulesoft Agent

* **Provisioning/Deprovisioning of Marketplace subscriptions** - A fix was made to support the multiple versions of the Mulesoft Anypoint API.  The data from the Anypoint API is parsed so that Marketplace subscriptions can be provisioned/deprovisioned along with the traceability of API traffic.

##### Known issues for Mulesoft Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### All other supported on-premise agents

There are no enhancements or bug fixes for the other on-premise agents in this release.

### SaaS (embedded) agents

#### Embedded Azure Discovery and Traceability Agent

The Embedded Azure Discovery and Traceability agents have been released and updated with the Axway Agent SDK.

#### Apigee X SaaS Agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Apigee X SaaS Agent

There are no enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Apigee X SaaS Agent

* **Metrics Processing** - A fix was maded to send metrics for all Apigee X environment and not just the first one.

##### Known issues for Apigee X SaaS Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

The Embedded SwaggerHub agent has been released and updated with the Axway Agent SDK.

#### All other supported SaaS (embedded) agents

There are no enhancements or bug fixes for the other SaaS (embedded) agents in this release.

### Axway CLI

The latest version of the [Axway CLI is v2.0.16 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-cli/v/2.0.16). There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Axway Central CLI

The latest version of the [Axway Central CLI is v2.28.0 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-central-cli/v/2.28.0). The following enhancements were included in this release.

#### Enhancements for Axway Central CLI

* **Graylog and Azure SaaS Agent Support** - The Axway Central CLI supports the installation for the Graylog API Security agent and Azure SaaS agents.
* **Metrics Filtering for Apigee X** - The Axway Central CLI has added support for the metrics filtering configuration fields for the Apigee X SaaS agent.

#### Bug fixes for Axway Central CLI

There are no known bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Axway Central CLI

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no feature enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no know limitations in this release.

### Topology

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Topology

There are no enhancements and bug fixes this release.

#### Known issues for Topology

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

There are no enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

* **Products display in Asset Details** - A fix was made to accurately display the Products consuming an Asset in the Products tab of the Asset details.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Duplicate plan** - It is now possible to create a product plan from an existing one regardless the plan status. When using this action it will not carry over all corrupted resources from the initial plan. Refer to [Duplicate plan](/docs/manage_product_foundry/manage_product_plans#duplicate-a-product-plan)

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Asset resource count always shown as 0** - When viewing the asset linked to a product, the resource count is always 0. Since the resource count depends on the asset release associated to the product, we decided to no show anymore the counts. When assigning an asset to a product, we always link the latest active release of the asset.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Custom billing integration** - The billing integration mechanism has been refactor to offer the possibility to plug your own billing system. Once activated, the Marketplace will automatically generate invoices. An event mechanism is available to listen to these invoices and apply the appropriate flow on the billing system. Refer to [Custom Marketplace billing integration](/docs/integrate_with_central/custom_billing).
* **Advanced search result page** - A new page is available to show where the searched items have been found (product / product resources / product documentation). This search result page is available from the Marketplace home page search bar or from the product page Advanced search. Refer to [Advanced search result page](/docs/manage_marketplace/consumer_experience/searching#advanced-search-result-page).
* **Migrating API Manager applications to Amplify Enterprise Marketplace applications** - A script is available to migrate the existing API Manager a into Marketplace applications so that consumer will get a unique experience and can update their credentials as a self service from the Marketplace. The script is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/v7-application-migration).

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcements

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).

A deprecation banner is visible from the Unified Catalog informing of the deprecation. The banner adapt itself based on the role of the user: consumer VS provider.
