---
title: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace April 19 2024
linkTitle: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace April 19 2024
weight: 18
date: 2024-04-16
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify Enterprise Marketplace experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agent versions

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.80. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agent versions and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.77 / TA=v1.1.79  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.62 / TA-v1.1.64  |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.68 / TA=v1.1.73  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.34 / TA=v2.0.78  |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.34                   |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.45                   |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.22                   |
| Kong Gateway                               | 1.0.5                    |
| GitLab                                     | 1.0.4                    |
| Kafka Cluster                              | DA=v1.0.3 / TA=v1.0.3    |

| Supported SaaS (embedded) Agents           |
|--------------------------------------------|
| AWS Embedded Service                       |
| Apigee X Embedded Service                  |
| GitHub Embedded Service                    |
| Azure Embedded Service                     |
| SwaggerHub Embedded Service                |

Access the list of available agents from your organization:

* Go to *Help menus > Downloads > Repository* and search for agents.

    -or-

* Go to [https://repository.axway.com/catalog?q=agents](https://repository.axway.com/catalog?q=agents).

### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Agent SDK

* **Data models updates** - The Agent SDK has had the data models enhanced to support Embedded Azure, Embedded Apigee X and SwaggerHub agents.
* **Audit Logs** - The Agent SDK has been enhanced with the addition of two additional audit logs.
    * A Metric audit log has been added to all traceability agents and enabled by default to track the metric events based off traffic through the gateway.  This metric audit log is used to track the metric events created by the traceability agent and successfully reflected in Ampfliy Business Insight.  Any errors in communication of the metric will be recorded in this audit log as well.  
    *For the Axway API Management Gateway, the traceability agent has an additional Transaction Audit log to track the correlation IDs of each transaction the agent has seen and recorded.

For more details, refer to [Understand the Traceability Agent audit logs](/docs/connect_manage_environ/connected_agent_common_reference/traceability_audit_logs/).

#### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

There are no known bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### On-premise agents

All the On-premise Agents were affected by changes to the Agent SDK.

#### Axway API Management Gateway Agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Gateway Agent

* **Transaction Audit Log** - The Traceability Agent has added a Transaction Audit log to track the correlation IDs of each transaction the agent has seen and recorded. This audit log can be used to reconcile transactions seen versus communicated to the Amplify platform.
For more details, refer to [Understand the Traceability Agent audit logs](https://docs.axway.com/bundle/amplify-central/page/docs/connect_manage_environ/connected_agent_common_reference/traceability_audit_logs/).

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway Agent

* **Null Pointer Exception** - A fix was made to a null pointer exception on startup of the Traceability Agent.
* **Helm Chart fix** - A helm chart fix was made to handle the upgrade of the Traceability Agent when a stateful set is used.
    * K8s Kind: Changes have been made for helm chart deployments of the TA agent and care should be taken when upgrading the chart. The agent chart now utilizes a DaemonSet kind rather than Deployment. This includes an additional [nodeSelector](https://multinode-kubernetes-cluster.readthedocs.io/en/latest/08-k8s-daemonsets.html) set in the chart that limits the agent to running on a node with the `traceability-agent` label set to `true`. The nodeSelector can be overridden in the chart but only one Traceability Agent should run and the node which the events  volume is hosted  should match. This will ensure the agent is ran on a single node and allow for easier upgrades of the helm chart in the future.

    Example command to add a label to the node:

    ```
    kubectl label nodes <your-node-name> traceability-agent=true
    ```

    * Data Volume: The data volume is no longer a persistent volume and has been changed to a hostPath on the node in which the agent will run. The helm chart sill take care of migrating the data directory contents from the persistent volume to the new hostPath.

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Gateway Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Apigee Edge Agent

There are no enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Apigee Edge Agent

* **Metric event limit** - The number of metric events communicated has been limited to one per api/status code for every 15 minutes. This fixed a situation where a large number of metric events could be sent too often.

##### Known issues for Apigee Edge Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Mulesoft Agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Mulesoft Agent

There are no enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Mulesoft Agent

* **Mulesoft API** - A bug fix was made to support changes to the Mulesoft 2.x Gateway API used to support the discovery of APIs.

##### Known issues for Mulesoft Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### All other supported on-premise agents

There are no enhancements or bug fixes for the other on-premise agents in this release.

### SaaS (embedded) agents

#### Embedded Azure Discovery and Traceability Agent

The Embedded Azure Discovery and Traceability agents have been released and updated with the Axway Agent SDK.

#### Embedded SwaggerHub Agent

The Embedded SwaggerHub agent has been released and updated with the Axway Agent SDK.

#### All other supported SaaS (embedded) agents

There are no enhancements or bug fixes for the other SaaS (embedded) agents in this release.

### Axway CLI

The latest version of the [Axway CLI is v2.0.16 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-cli/v/2.0.16). There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Axway Central CLI

The latest version of the [Axway Central CLI is v2.26.0 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-central-cli/v/2.26.0). The following enhancements were included in this release.

#### Enhancements for Axway Central CLI

* **SwaggerHub installation** - The 'install agents' command has been enhanced to support the installation of the embedded SwaggerHub Discovery Agent.

#### Bug fixes for Axway Central CLI

There are no known bug fixes in this release.

#### Know issues for Axway Central CLI

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Service Registry Display** - The Service Registry display has been improved with tabs for All, Design, Runtime Managed and Runtime Unmanaged APIs for quick filtering. The Runtime Unmanaged APIs will not display any results until Runtime Compliance is enabled for your organization,
* **Service Registry API calls** - The efficiency of the number of API calls made to display the Service Registry has been improved.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no known bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no know limitations in this release.

### Topology

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Topology

There are no enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Topology

* **Region selection saved** - A bug fix to the UI to retain the region selected when installing the embedded AWS agent and click next followed by the back button was made.

#### Known issues for Topology

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

There are no enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

* **Categories displayed** - A bug fix was made to the Asset Catalog list view to only display the categories applicable to asset (i.e., exclude the Product only categories).
* **Edit Asset/Product wizard** - A fix was made to the edit asset/product wizard 'Access Rights' step to display the shared tab if one owner is selected but not shared with any teams.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Resource count when assigning an asset to a product is removed** - The asset resource count depends on the asset version that is assigned to a product version. Until we know which version is used, it is not possible to give an accurate value. For this reason, we removed the resource count from the column tables when assigning asset to product or when viewing which asset are already assigned. We also removed the selection of a specific asset release as it is more meaningful to use the latest asset release and to stay on that for the product.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Advanced search result page** - The search from the Home page or the Advanced search from the browse product page are now redirecting the user to a specific page where they can see where this search match (either in product, or in product resources or in product documentation). Refer to [Advanced Search result documentation](/docs/manage_marketplace/consumer_experience/searching#advanced-search-result-page).
* **Custom billing integration** - A new Vendor option is available regarding the billing integration. This option enable you integrate with any billing system you have in case our native integration with Stripe is not your preferred choice. More details are available [here](/docs/integrate_with_central/custom_billing).

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Max Resources in Plan Creation is set to 20** - The limit of 20 resources per plan has been increased to 50.
* **UI - Product release type unknown if there are over 20 releases** - In cases where there were more than 20 product releases, some product release information was missing because of the paginated query. Now, all information is available regardless of the number of releases.
* **Provider cannot provide the custom release version** - When using the product wizard to create a product, the option to set a custom version is now available when you decide to activate the product at the end of its creation.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcements

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).

A deprecation banner is visible from the Unified Catalog informing of the deprecation. The banner adapt itself based on the role of the user: consumer VS provider.
