---
title: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace January 12 2024
linkTitle: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace January 12 2024
weight: 24
date: 2024-01-08
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify Enterprise Marketplace experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agent versions

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.73. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agent versions and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.69 / TA=v1.1.71  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.58 / TA-v1.1.60  |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.64 / TA=v1.1.69  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.30 / TA=v2.0.74  |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.30                   |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.40                   |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.18                   |
| Kong Gateway                               | 1.0.0                    |
| GitLab                                     | 1.0.1                    |

### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Agent SDK

* **Scheduled API validation** - The Discovery Agent has been enhanced to validate the existence of APIs at a specific scheduled time (e.g., midnight each day) instead of on an interval (e.g., every 1 hour).

#### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Credential scope display** - When only one scope is available for a Marketplace credential, the scope is now visible.
* **Null pointer exception** - A null pointer exception resulting from an unsupported Filebeat subcommand has been fixed.

#### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### On-premise agents

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Agent

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Agent

* **Enterprise Marketplace Teams** - During the creation of new organizations, the Agent would not update the knowledge of the teams.  As a result, the team ownership was not always set for new APIs that were discovered.  This has been fixed.

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway

* **Quota enforcement** - With the latest Azure SDK update, an issue with the policy quota-by-key not enforcing quota.  This issue has been fixed in this release.

##### Known issues for Azure Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Software AG webMethods Gateway

The Software AG webMethods agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Kong Gateway

The Kong Gateway agents have been been release and updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Gitlab

The Gitlab Discovery agent has been been released and updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### SaaS (embedded) agents

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Axway CLI

The latest version of the [Axway CLI is v2.0.16 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-cli/v/2.0.16). The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancement for Axway CLI

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Axway CLI

* **Switching between Organizations** - A fix was made to allow user to switch to any organizations which they are a member of with "axway auth switch" command.

#### Known issues for Axway CLI

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Axway Central CLI

The latest version of the [Axway Central CLI is v2.24.0 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-central-cli/v/2.24.0). The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancement for Axway Central CLI

* **Branch filter configuration** - The "install agents" command has the ability to configure a brach filter for the Github agent.
* **Smpling rate configuration** - The default sampling rate when configuring a Traceability Agent is set to 1%.  Tha maximum sampling rate is 10%. 

#### Bug fixes for Axway Central CLI

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Axway Central CLI

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **API Service version list** - The performance of the API Service Details WebUI has been improved to display a maximum of the first 24 API Service versions.  As you scoll down past the first 24 API Service versions, another 24 versions will be loaded.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Topology

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes available in this release.

#### Known issues for Topology

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

* **Asset version list** - The performance of the Asset Details WebUI has been improved to display a maximum of the first 24 asset versions.  As you scoll down past the first 24 asset versions, another 24 versions will be loaded.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Category hierarchy** - When configuring the categories, it is now possible to set a parent to a category. A hierarchy up to 3 levels can be created. Once a category is assigned to a parent, its visibility or ownership can no longer be changes; it will follow the definition of its parent. The Category listing shows the Parent of each category (if exists), as well as the number of its children.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Accordion elements not working on the credentials details panel** - The credentials details screen accordions are now collapsible/expandable to show the credentials values.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Business Insights

New features for APIM Admins or API Providers provide an overview of Consumer Engagement related metrics and trends to provide information related to the engagement of Marketplace consumers and the deployed subscriptions and credentials:

* **Subscription chart API**
* **Subscription table API**

#### Bug fixes for Business Insights

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Business insights

There are no known limitations in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Filter per resource state** - The product details screen now displays the state of an API resource (design, experimental, pre-released, stable, deprecated, archived). In addition, providers can filter the product catalog by the API resource state.
* **Category hierarchy filter** - When visualizing a category, it is possible that it is a parent for others categories. The product associated with the category can now be filtered using the children categories. More information [here](/docs/manage_marketplace/consumer_experience/searching#categories-search).
* **Advanced search filter** - The Marketplace search feature has been enhanced to allow users to search through the API specification and product documentation, in addition to the standard product title, description or assigned categories. More information [here](/docs/manage_marketplace/consumer_experience/searching#product-search).
* **Unlimited credential view during the 3 days time frame** - It is now possible to view your credentials from the Marketplace as many time as you want during the time period that the credentials are accessible in the Marketplace (3 days). The credentials will no longer be accessible after 3 days, therefore it is recommended to store them in a safe location.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Created application credentials option** - When requesting credentials, you can now choose to reuse an existing application that already has access to the resource.
* **Product Resource search** - The search bar on the Product Resource screen has been fixed to allow searching either by the resource title or the resource group title.
* **Unsubscribe input is persisted among subsequent unsubscribe modals** - Each time a consumer wants to unsubscribe from a product, "UNSUBSCRIBE" must be now be entered in each unsubscribe screen.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features or bug fixes in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcements

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).
