---
title: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace March 22 2024
linkTitle: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace March 22 2024
weight: 20
date: 2024-03-22
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify Enterprise Marketplace experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agent versions

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.77. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agent versions and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.73 / TA=v1.1.75  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.61 / TA-v1.1.63  |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.67 / TA=v1.1.72  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.33 / TA=v2.0.78  |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.33                   |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.44                   |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.21                   |
| Kong Gateway                               | 1.0.4                    |
| GitLab                                     | 1.0.3                    |
| Kafka Cluster                              | DA=v1.0.2 / TA=v1.0.2    |

| Supported SaaS (embedded) Agents                      |
|--------------------------------------------|
| AWS Embedded Service                       |
| Apigee X Embedded Service                  |
| GitHub Embedded Service                    |

View agents from any organization:

* Go to *Help menus > Downloads > Repository* and search for agents.

    -or-

* Go to [https://repository.axway.com/catalog?q=agents](https://repository.axway.com/catalog?q=agents).

### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Agent SDK

* **Security Patches** - The Agent SDK was enhanced to include some security patchesn.

#### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### On-premise agents

#### Axway API Management Gateway

There are no enhancement, bug fixes, or known limitations in this release.  The Agents included the security patches from the Agent SDK.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway Agent

##### Enhancements for Azure Gateway Agent 

There are no enhancements or known limitations in this release.  The following bug fixes are available in the release and included are the security patches from the Agent SDK.

* **API Discovery on API Specification changes** - A fix was made to discover a new API version when the associated API Specification changes. A new Discovery Agent variable (APIGEE_SPECCONFIG_MATCHONURL) has been added to enable the detection of API specificatin changes.  The default value is set to TRUE.

#### All other supported On-premise Agents

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes for the other On-premise Agents in this release.

### SaaS (embedded) Agents

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for SaaS (embedded) Agents

There are no new enhancements tp SaaS embedded agents in this release.

#### Bug fixes for SaaS (embedded) Agents

The following bug fixes are in this release.

* **Embedded Apigee X OAuth Discovery** - A fix was made to discover and create the Asset Request Definition for an API using an OAuth Security Scheme.
* **Average Response Time calcuation** -  A fix was made to all Embedded Traceability Agents to accurately calculate the average response time metric. 

#### Known issues for SaaS (embedded) Agents

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Axway CLI

The latest version of the [Axway CLI is v2.0.16 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-cli/v/2.0.16). There are no new enhancements or bug fixes for Axway CLI in this release.

### Axway Central CLI

The latest version of the [Axway Central CLI is v2.25.0 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-central-cli/v/2.25.0). The are no new enhancements and bug fixes for Axway Central CLI in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

There are no enhancements, bug fixes or know issues in this release.

### Topology

The following enhancements are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Topology

* **Edit SaaS Apigee X Service configuration - SaaS Apigee X Service configuration parameters can now be edited from the WebUI. This includes all the parameters that were entered during the creation of an Apigee X SaaS environment.
* **Edit SaaS Github X Service configuration - SaaS Github Service configuration parameters can now be edited from the WebUI. This includes all the parameters that were entered during the creation of a Github SaaS environment. 

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

* **Draft Asset versions** - A UX improvement was made to only create a draft when a grouped API resource has changed.  Other edits will take effect immmediately without requiring a draft to be created and activated to take effect.
  
#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Ratings details are available from a direct url** - From an integration perspective, for instance when automating the moderation flow, the ratings details can be accessed directly using the following url format: {CentralURL}/products/details/{productLogicalName}/ratings/{ratingLogicalName}
* **Document library document** - it is now possible to Edit any document from the Document Library by using the ellipsis menu `Edit` or using the Edit button on the Document details screen. The document type cannot be change, only the content can.
* **Draft Asset versions** - A UX improvement was made to only create a draft when asset selection has changed. Other edits will take effect immediately without requiring a draft to be created and activated to take effect. Last, it is now possible to edit the documentation for a specific product version.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Provider is able to reject an automatically approved review** - a fix has been made to prevent Catalog Manager to reject a review automatically approved.
* **Double scroll bar is visible when all menus are expanded** - a fix has been made to allow the menu container to scroll itself without interfering with the rest of the screen.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features or bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Ratings details are available from a direct url** - From an integration perspective, for instance when informing a consumer that his review has been rejected or acknowledged, the ratings details can be accessed directly using the following url format: {MarketplaceURL}/productDetails/{productID}/ratings/createOrEdit

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

There are no bug fixed for Marketplace.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features or bug fixes in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcements

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).
