---
title: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace April 5 2024
linkTitle: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace April 5 2024
weight: 19
date: 2024-04-05
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify Enterprise Marketplace experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agent versions

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.78. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agent versions and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.74 / TA=v1.1.76  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.61 / TA-v1.1.63  |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.67 / TA=v1.1.72  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.33 / TA=v2.0.78  |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.33                   |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.44                   |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.21                   |
| Kong Gateway                               | 1.0.4                    |
| GitLab                                     | 1.0.3                    |
| Kafka Cluster                              | DA=v1.0.2 / TA=v1.0.2    |

| Supported SaaS (embedded) Agents                      |
|--------------------------------------------|
| AWS Embedded Service                       |
| Apigee X Embedded Service                  |
| GitHub Embedded Service                    |

Access the list of available agents from your organization:

* Go to *Help menus > Downloads > Repository* and search for agents.

    -or-

* Go to [https://repository.axway.com/catalog?q=agents](https://repository.axway.com/catalog?q=agents).

### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Agent SDK

There are no enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

 **Null pointer exception** - A fix was made in the Agent SDK for a nullpointer exception that was limited to the Axway API Management Gateway Agents.

#### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### On-premise agents

Only the Axway API Management Gateway Agents were affected by changes to the Agent SDK.  

#### Axway API Management Gateway Agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Gateway Agent

* **Inovke Policy Mapping to Amplify Marketplace Credential** - An enahancement to enable the mapping of Invoke Policy to an Amplify Markerplace credential has been added. Support for API Key, Basic Auth, and Oauth have been added.  For more details, see [Agent Variables](<https://docs.axway.com/bundle/axway-open-docs/page/docs/connect_manage_environ/connect_api_manager/agent-variables/>).
*  **Improved Deduplication of Metric transactions** - An enhancement was made to the Traceability Agent to perform deduplication of metric transaction event.  The following environment variables are recommended to be set to enable the deduplication feature.
 * DEDUPLICATION_ENABLE: true
 * DEDUPLICATION_EXPIRY: 1h
 * DEDUPLICATION_QUEUESIZE: 10000
 * CENTRAL_GRPC_ENABLED=true
 * TRACEABILITY_PROTOCOL: https
 * **NOTE: The Ingestion point may vary by Region**
  * TRACEABILTY_HOST: ingestion.datasearch.axway.com:443
  

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway Agent

**Null pointer exception** - A fix was made in the Agent SDK for a nullpointer exception which was limited to the Axway API Management Gateway Agents.

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Gateway Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### All other supported On-premise Agents

There are no enhancements or bug fixes for the other On-premise Agents in this release.

### SaaS (embedded) Agents

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for SaaS (embedded) Agents

There are no enhancements and no bug fixes in this release.

### Axway CLI

The latest version of the [Axway CLI is v2.0.16 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-cli/v/2.0.16). There are no new enhancements or bug fixes for Axway CLI in this release.

### Axway Central CLI

The latest version of the [Axway Central CLI is v2.25.0 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-central-cli/v/2.25.0). The are no new enhancements and bug fixes for Axway Central CLI in this release.

### Service Registry

There are no enhancements, bug fixes or known issues in this release.

### Topology

The are no enhancements, bug fixes or known issues in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The are no enhancements, bug fixes or known issues in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Feature** - Description.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Large WSDL file cannot be displayed without crashing the browser** - the component that display the WSDL content has been optimized for large file to improve its performance.
* **Document library uploaded document titles can overflow onto the next line** - Long file name are now displayed on multiple lines once uploading them.
* **Category update** - it is no more possible from the UI to edit a category and select it as a parent.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features or bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Product rating filter** - Consumer is now able to filter the product list based on their ratings to help him select the best ones.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **Large WSDL file cannot be displayed without crashing the browser** - the component that display the WSDL content has been optimized for large file to improve its performance.
* **Marketplace is not rendering images** - the Marketplace icon request was missing a header that prevented to download the image for private marketplace or for product having restricted visibility. The header is now added to that type of request and the icon are correctly visible in the Marketplace.
* **Boolean field from AccessRequestDefinition, CredentialRequestDefinition and SubscriptionRequestDefinition are not visible** - the checkbox rendering has been rework to make it visible in the Marketplace.
* **Product rating filter still available even when product rating is not activated** - the product rating filter is only available when the feature is activated on the Marketplace settings.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features or bug fixes in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcements

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).
