---
title: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace July 26 2024
linkTitle: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace July 26 2024
weight: 13
date: 2024-07-25
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify Enterprise Marketplace experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agent versions

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.92. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agent versions and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.86 / TA=v1.1.86  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.71 / TA-v1.1.74  |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.75 / TA=v1.1.81  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.42 / TA=v2.0.87  |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.44                   |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.54                   |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.29                   |
| Kong Gateway                               | 1.0.15                   |
| GitLab                                     | 1.0.11                   |
| Kafka Cluster                              | DA=v1.0.11 / TA=v1.0.11  |
| IBM API Connect Gateway                    | DA=v1.0.3 / TA=v1.0.3    |

| Supported SaaS (embedded) Agents           |
|--------------------------------------------|
| AWS Embedded Service                       |
| Apigee X Embedded Service                  |
| GitHub Embedded Service                    |
| Azure Embedded Service                     |
| SwaggerHub Embedded Service                |

| Runtime Compliance Agents                  | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Graylog API Security                       | 1.0.10                    |

Access the list of available agents from your organization:

* Go to *Help menus > Downloads > Repository* and search for agents.

    -or-

* Go to [https://repository.axway.com/catalog?q=agents](https://repository.axway.com/catalog?q=agents).

### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Agent SDK

* **External OAuth IdP support** - The Agent SDK has support for external OAuth IdP for on-premise and SaaS Azure Agents.
* **Azure EventHub support** - The Agend SDK has support for Azure EventHub configuration.

#### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### On-premise agents

All the on-premise agents were affected by changes to the Agent SDK.

#### Axway Azure Gateway Agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Azure Gateway Agent

There are no enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway Agent

| Case ID     | Internal ID  | Description                                       |
|-------------|--------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| 01617664    | APIGOV-28417 | **Issue**: A panic error can occur if the traceability agent (v1.1.84) is set offline mode. <br />**Resolution**: A fix was made to prevent a null pointer error when in offline mode. |

##### Known issues for Azure Gateway Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Kafka Agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### All other supported on-premise agents

There are no enhancements or bug fixes for the other on-premise agents in this release.

### SaaS (embedded) agents

There are no enhancements or bug fixes for the SaaS (embedded) agents in this release.

#### Known issues for SaaS (embedded) agents

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Axway CLI

The latest version of the [Axway CLI is v3.2.14 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway/v/3.2.14). The are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Axway Central CLI

The latest version of the [Axway Central CLI is v2.32.0 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-central-cli/v/2.32.0). There following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Axway Central CLI

* **External OAuth IdP support** - The 'install agents' command has support to configure an external OAuth IdP for the on-premise Azure agent.

#### Bug fixes for Axway Central CLI

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Axway Central CLI

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Feature** - Description.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Topology

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Topology

The are no new features in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Topology

| Case ID     | Internal ID  | Description                                       |
|-------------|--------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| -           | APIGOV-xxxxx | **Issue**: Description. <br />**Resolution**: Description. |

#### Known issues for Topology

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

There are no new features or bug fixes in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

There are no bug fixed in this release.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Application registration screen** - Access request has been renamed to Application Registration to avoid confusion. A new screen accessible from the left navigation menu. This new page enables consumers to view all their Application registration (formerly access request) in a single place.
* **MyFatoorah billing integration** - A new billing integration system is available for managing your invoices. Refer to [MyFatoorah billing integration](/docs/manage_marketplace/customize_marketplace/marketplace_billing#myfatoorah-billing-integration).

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

| Case ID   | Internal ID  | Description                                       |
|-----------|--------------|---------------------------------------------------|
|             | APIGOV-27787 | **Issue**: Review title maximum size not respected. <br />**Resolution**: The review title is now limited to 350 characters and correctly displayed everywhere (ie. can be truncated if too long). |

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcements

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).

A deprecation banner is visible from the Unified Catalog informing of the deprecation. The banner adapts itself based on the role of the user: consumer VS provider.
