---
title: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace February 23 2024
linkTitle: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace February 23 2024
weight: 21
date: 2024-02-14
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify Enterprise Marketplace experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agent versions

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.75. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agent versions and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.71 / TA=v1.1.73  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.59 / TA-v1.1.61  |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.65 / TA=v1.1.70  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.31 / TA=v2.0.75  |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.31                   |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.42                   |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.19                   |
| Kong Gateway                               | 1.0.2                    |
| GitLab                                     | 1.0.1                    |
| Kafka Cluster                              | DA=v1.0.0 / TA=v1.0.0    |

| Supported SaaS (embedded) Agents                      |
|--------------------------------------------|
| AWS Embedded Service                       |
| Apigee X Embedded Service                  |
| GitHub Embedded Service                    |

### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Agent SDK

* **Seccrity Methods specification** - The SDK has been updated to enable the Agent to configure security.  This is used to enable the Try-it capability for Kong Gateway.

#### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

* **Traceability Agent Usage Reporting** - The usage reporting file contains a granularity interval which indicates the reporting period.   This was fixed to report the correct granularity instead of alway reporting 15 minutes.

#### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### On-premise agents

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Agent

There are no enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Agent

The following bug fixes are available in this release.

* **Memory Usage Increase** - A fix was made to the prevent the increased memory usage over time with Traceability Agent to v1.1.69.
* **Traceability Agent Upgrade Issue** - A helm chart override was added to fix an issue when upgrading the Traceability Agent to v1.1.69.

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway Agent

The following enhancements are available in this release.  There are no known defects or limitations in this release.

* **Security Methods specification** - The Kong Agent is able to configure security specifications with the Agent SDK.  This is used to enable the Try-it capability for Kong Gateway.

##### Enhancements for Mulesoft Gateway Agent

* **RAML API Specification support** - The Mulesoft Discovery Agent has been update to parse RAML API Specifications and make them visible on the Service Registry.  The Discovery Agent will convert the RAML specifications to OAS3 by default in the Service Registry.   There is a Discovery Agent variable (MULESOFT_DISCOVERORIGINALRAML) which will make the RAML specifications visible in the Service Regsitry in RAML format as well. 

#### Kafka Cluster Agent for Confluent Cloud/Confluent Platform 

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Kafka Cluster Agent

* **Kafka Cluster Agent** - This is the first release of Kafka Cluster Agent which conencts Confluent Cloud/Confluent Platform to the Amplify Enterprise Marketplace.  The Kakfa Cluser Agent supports the discovery of topics and collection of consumer metrics.  The consumer metrics include the number of messages read by the clients within the consumer group associated with a Marketplace application.  More information on the Kafka Cluster Agent can be found here ( **INSERT LINK TO Kafka DOCS HERE** ).

##### Known issues for Kafka Cluster Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Kong Gateway Agent

The following enhancements are available in this release.  There are no known defects or limitations in this release.

##### Enhancements for Kong Gateway Agent

* **Try-it Enabled in the Marketplace** - The Kong Discovery Agent now updates the Authentication type (HTTP Basic, API Key, OAuth) in the OAS2/OAS3 specification to enable Try-it from the Marketplace. 

#### All other supported On-premise Agents

There are no new enhancements for the other On-premise Agents in this release.

### SaaS (embedded) Agents

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes for any SaaS (embedded) Agents in this release.

### Axway CLI

The latest version of the [Axway CLI is v2.0.16 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-cli/v/2.0.16). There are no new enhancements or bug fixes for Axway CLI in this release.

### Axway Central CLI

The latest version of the [Axway Central CLI is v2.25.0 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-central-cli/v/2.25.0). There are no new enhancements or bug fixes for Axway Central CLI in this release.

#### Feature updates for Axway Central CLI 

* **Kafka Cluster Installation** - The "install agents" command has been updated to include the installation option of a Kafka Cluster.
  
##### Bug fixes for Axway Central CLI

The following bug fixes are available in this release.

* **Error Message for APAC Region** - The error message when incorrectly setting the region now includes the display of the APAC region setting.

### Service Registry

The are no new enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Topology

There are no new enhancements or limitations in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Topology

There following bug fixes are available in this release.

* **Environment Save button enabled incorrectly** - Fixed an issue when editing from the Environment Wizard, the save button was enabled without all required fields being entered.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

There are no new enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

There following bug fixes are available in this release.

* **Corrupted Asset Resource** - Fixed an issue with the display of a corrupted resource in an asset release not show a warning indicator on the WebUI.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Feature** - Description.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Bug** - Description.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features or bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

There are no new features or bug fixes in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features or bug fixes in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcements

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).
