---
title: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace January 26 2024
linkTitle: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace January 26 2024
weight: 23
date: 2024-01-19
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify Enterprise Marketplace experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience
### Agent versions

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.73. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agent versions and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.69 / TA=v1.1.71  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.58 / TA-v1.1.60  |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.64 / TA=v1.1.69  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.30 / TA=v2.0.74  |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.30                   |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.40                   |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.18                   |
| Kong Gateway                               | 1.0.1                    |
| GitLab                                     | 1.0.1                    |

### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements are available in this release.  There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Enhancements for Agent SDK

* **Metric Event Improvement** - The Event ID generation has been modified to improve the counting of usage and traffic metrics.
* **Agent communication Improvement** - The gRPC method of communication between the Agent and the Enterprise Marketplace has been improved,

#### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### On-premise agents

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Agent

The Axway API Management Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no bug fixes in this release.

* **GraphQL API support** - The Axway API Management Agents can discover GraphQL API services.  The GraphQL API services are displayed on the Service Registry and can be published to the Marketplace for consumption.
* **Log file directory improvement** - Wildcard usage in directory names have been added for the log file directory. 

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### AWS Gateway

The AWS Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Azure Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Azure Gateway

The Azure Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Istio Gateway

The Istio Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway

The Apigee Edge Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Mulesoft Gateway

The Mulesoft Gateway agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Software AG webMethods Gateway

The Software AG webMethods agents have been updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Kong Gateway

The Kong Gateway agents have been been release and updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Enhancement for Kong Gateway Agents

* **Service Discovery improvement** - The Kong Discovery agent can now optionally discover services that do not have a specfication as unstructured API services in the Amplify Marketplace

#### Gitlab

The Gitlab Discovery agent has been been released and updated with the Axway Agent SDK. There are no other new enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### SaaS (embedded) Agents

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Github Embedded Agent

#### Enhancement for Github Embedded Agent

* **Branch filter configuration** - The Github Discovery agent can be configured with a brach filter for the Github agent.

### Axway CLI

The latest version of the [Axway CLI is v2.0.16 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-cli/v/2.0.16). The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancement for Axway CLI

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Axway CLI

* **Switching between Organizations** - A fix was made to allow user to switch to any organizations which they are a member of with "axway auth switch" command.

#### Known issues for Axway CLI

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Axway Central CLI

The latest version of the [Axway Central CLI is v2.24.0 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-central-cli/v/2.24.0). The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancement for Axway Central CLI

* **Branch filter configuration** - The "install agents" command has the ability to configure a brach filter for the Github agent.
* **Sampling rate configuration** - The default sampling rate when configuring a Traceability Agent is set to 1%.  Tha maximum sampling rate is 10%.

#### Bug fixes for Axway Central CLI

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Axway Central CLI

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **API Service version list** - The performance of the API Service Details WebUI has been improved to display a maximum of the first 24 API Service versions.  As you scoll down past the first 24 API Service versions, another 24 versions will be loaded.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

* **Service Reistry showing incorrect version** - A fix was made to display the correct API Service version on the list view of the Service Registry.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Topology

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes available in this release.

#### Known issues for Topology

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

**Asset version list** - The performance of the Asset Details WebUI has been improved to display a maximum of the first 24 asset versions.  As you scoll down past the first 24 asset versions, another 24 versions will be loaded.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

**Asset Linked API Service display** - A fix was made to display the all the linked API Resources to an Asset correctly.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Product version list** - The performance of the Prodcut Details WebUI has been improved to display a maximum of the first 24 Product versions.  As you scoll down past the first 24 Prodcut versions, another 24 versions will be loaded..

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Resource version not visible when creating a product plan** - The description of the resource available in the plan quota has been enriched with the following pattern: {AssetTile}/{resourceTitle} - {stageTitle} - {stateTitle} - {resourceVersion}. StageTitle and stateTitle may be empty.
* **Line break issue in description fields** - the carriage return is now correctly displayed in Asset and Product description field.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Business Insights

There are no new features or bug fixes in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Business Insights

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Business insights

There are no known limitations in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Feature** - Description.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

* **HSTS Max age too low** - HSTS max age has been increased to 12 months.
* **Not all swagger endpoints are visible in the methods section** - On product method screen, the Server dropdown shows now all the endpoints available.
* **Access request not visible** - When navigating the multiple product version, as soon as an access request has been created, it is visible regardless of the selected version.
* **Application not filtered when requesting access** - When requesting access, the listed applications is now limited to the one already having an acces request to the selected resource.
* **Marketplace search does not return any result** - Some OutOfMemory error have been corrected to prevent product having thousands of release to crash the system.
* **Number of products displayed doesn't match the displayed products** - When a product is in error (ie when all its resources are corrupted), the product count from the Browse product page was wrong. Now product in error are correctly excluded from the Browse product page / product count.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features or bug fixes in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcements

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).
