---
title: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace March 8 2024
linkTitle: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace March 8 2024
weight: 20
date: 2024-03-06
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify Enterprise Marketplace experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agent versions

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.76. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agent versions and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.72 / TA=v1.1.74  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.60 / TA-v1.1.62  |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.66 / TA=v1.1.71  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.32 / TA=v2.0.77  |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.32                   |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.43                   |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.20                   |
| Kong Gateway                               | 1.0.3                    |
| GitLab                                     | 1.0.2                    |
| Kafka Cluster                              | DA=v1.0.1 / TA=v1.0.1    |

| Supported SaaS (embedded) Agents                      |
|--------------------------------------------|
| AWS Embedded Service                       |
| Apigee X Embedded Service                  |
| GitHub Embedded Service                    |

View agents from any organization:

* Go to *Help menus > Downloads > Repository* and search for agents.

    -or-

* Go to [https://repository.axway.com/catalog?q=agents](https://repository.axway.com/catalog?q=agents).

### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Agent SDK

* **Traceability Agent sampling rate** - The SDK has been enhanced to accept decimal points for the sampling rate. For example, 0.5% or 1.5%.  This is helpful in high traction rate situations.

#### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### On-premise agents

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Gateway

* **Clean variable settings** - Support for enabling the `INPUTS_CLEAN_REMOVED` and `INPUTS_CLOSE_REMOVED` variable settings to TRUE or FALSE. In addition, support for the `INPUTS_IGNORE_OLDER` (default: 1h),
`INPUTS_CLOSE_INACTIVE` (default: 10m), and `INPUTS_CLEAN_INACTIVE` (default: 2h) variables.

#### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway

* **Invoke Policy** - There is no longer a NULL pointer exception when discovering an API with Invoke Policy as the inbound security profile.

#### Known issues for Axway API Management Gateway

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Apigee Edge Gateway Agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Apigee Edge Gateway Agent

* **Discovery from a local file** - The Apigee Edge Discovery Agent now reads API Specifications from the local file system. The environment variable `APIGEE_SPECCONFIG_LOCALPATH` determines where the API specification files are read from. The API Specification file names must match the proxy name.
* **Discovery of APIs with no specification** - The Apigee Edge Discovery Agent can now be configure to discover APIs with no associated API specification file. Set variable `APIGEE_SPECCONFIG_UNSTRUCTURED` to TRUE to enable it.

##### Bug fixes for Apigee Edge Gateway Agent

There are no bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Apigee Edge Gateway Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### Azure Gateway Agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Azure Gateway Agent

There are no enhancements in this release.

##### Bug fixes for Azure Gateway Agent

* **Duplicate API services** - Multiple Azure API versions (each with multiple revisions) are now supported. Azure will no longer create duplicate APIs in the Service Registry.

##### Known issues for Azure Gateway Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### All other supported On-premise Agents

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes for the other On-premise Agents in this release.

### SaaS (embedded) Agents

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for SaaS (embedded) Agents

* **Traceability Service sampling rate** - The SDK has been enhanced to accept decimal points for the sampling rate. Example, 0.5% or 1.5%. This was updated in all SaaS (embedded) Agents.

#### Bug fixes for SaaS (embedded) Agents

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for SaaS (embedded) Agents

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Axway CLI

The latest version of the [Axway CLI is v2.0.16 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-cli/v/2.0.16). There are no new enhancements or bug fixes for Axway CLI in this release.

### Axway Central CLI

The latest version of the [Axway Central CLI is v2.25.0 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-central-cli/v/2.25.0). The are no new enhancements and bug fixes for Axway Central CLI in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

There are no enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

* **Publish to Marketplace** - The "Publish to Marketplace" action has been removed for users with only a Developer role because that role does not have the full permissions to perform this action.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

The are no known issues in this release.

### Topology

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Topology

* **Edit SaaS AWS Service configuration** - SaaS AWS Service configuration parameters can now be edited from the WebUI. This includes all the parameters that were entered during the creation of an AWS SaaS environment.

#### Bug fixes for Topology

* **Compliance Profiles pagination** - The Compliance Profiles page now displays the correct page when the user clicks on another page from the WebUI.
* **Environment and Stage wizard error message** - The error message that displays when removing an assigned stage on the WebUI has been improved. "At least 1 APIServiceInstance references a stage removed from this Environment" is now displayed.

#### Known issues for Topology

The are no known issues in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

There are no new enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

* **Asset created without any API resources** - The "Save and Activate" action no longer occurs in the WebUI when there is an asset with no grouped API resources.
* **Asset deletion error** - The Asset deletion action in the WebUI is now enabled. Previously, an "AssetRequestDefinition was not found" error message was displayed and the asset was not deleted.
* **Grouped asset resources** - All grouped asset resources are now displayed in the WebUI when editing an asset.
* **Multiple role access** - Users with both Catalog Manager and Developer roles can now edit asset ownership and permissions.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Product review moderation** - Providers can now enable the ratings and reviews in the Marketplace. Reviews can be moderated manually or automatically. See [Marketplace settings](/docs/manage_marketplace/customize_marketplace/marketplace_ratings_reviews). Product owners can see the submitted reviews from the *product details* screen, in the Product Foundry.
* **Make changes to a document in the Document Library** - Providers can now edit Documents they have visibility to in the Document Library. The changes are immediately reflected on the Marketplace.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

There are no bug fixed for Product Foundry.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features or bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

* **Product review** - Consumers can now review their product satisfaction in the Marketplace. Marketplace Managers must turn on the Product Ratings & Reviews feature to enable the consumer reviews. A consumer can leave one review per product. A consumer can change their review any time. See [Marketplace ratings and reviews](/docs/manage_marketplace/consumer_experience/ratings_reviews) for more information.
* **Consumer sees Active status for subscription until cancelled** - The statuses `Migration Scheduled` and `Archival Scheduled` have been replaced with `Active`. The Expires date field allows the consumer to see when the subscription ends.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

There are no bug fixed for Marketplace.

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features or bug fixes in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcements

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).
