---
title: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace June 14 2024
linkTitle: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace June 14 2024
weight: 15
date: 2024-06-12
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify Enterprise Marketplace experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agent versions

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.87. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agent versions and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.83 / TA=v1.1.83  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.67 / TA-v1.1.70  |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.72 / TA=v1.1.78  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.39 / TA=v2.0.83  |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.40                   |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.50                   |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.27                   |
| Kong Gateway                               | 1.0.11                   |
| GitLab                                     | 1.0.8                    |
| Kafka Cluster                              | DA=v1.0.8 / TA=v1.0.8    |

| Supported SaaS (embedded) Agents           |
|--------------------------------------------|
| AWS Embedded Service                       |
| Apigee X Embedded Service                  |
| GitHub Embedded Service                    |
| Azure Embedded Service                     |
| SwaggerHub Embedded Service                |

| Runtime Compliance Agents                  | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Graylog API Security                       | 1.0.7                    |

Access the list of available agents from your organization:

* Go to *Help menus > Downloads > Repository* and search for agents.

    -or-

* Go to [https://repository.axway.com/catalog?q=agents](https://repository.axway.com/catalog?q=agents).

### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Agent SDK

* **Region variable setting** - An enhancencement was made for all agents to support a "CENTRAL_REGION" variable which can be set to US, EU, or APAC. This would enable the agent to automatically determine the URL to use in each region to connect to Amplify.
* **Dynamic Client Registration settings** - An enhancement has been made to enable the configuration of additional Dynamic Client Regstration protocol settings (e.g. to support Oracle Access Maanger).

#### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### On-premise agents

All the on-premise agents were affected by changes to the Agent SDK.

#### Axway API Management Gateway Agent

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Gateway Agent

* **External Credential support** - An enhancement was made to support external credentials from an IDP which does not support Dynamic Client Registration protocol (e.g. Azure Entra External ID).  This applies to all APIs configured for Authenticatino as "Oauth External" on the API Manager.
* **Dynamic Client Registration settings** - An enhancement has been made to enable the configuration of additional Dynamic Client Regstration protocol settings (e.g. to support Oracle Access Maanger).  These additional settings are configurable with the following variables:
    * AGENTFEATURES_IDP_REQUESTHEADERS - Additional request headers to send in the request when registering a new client.
    * AGENTFEATURES_IDP_QUERYPRAMS - Additional query parameters to send in the request when registering a new client.
    * AGENTFEATURES_IDP_AUTH_REQUESTHEADERS - Additional request headers to send in the request for getting a token.
    * AGENTFEATURES_IDP_AUTH_QUERYPARAMS - Additional query parameters to send in the request for getting a token.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Gateway Agent

| Case ID     | Internal ID  | Description                                       |
|---------    |--------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| 01570727    | APIGOV-28012 | **Issue**: In some deployment situations, the Traceability Agent could not be deployed with a Kubernetes StatefulSet. <br />**Resolution**: The StatefulSet deployment is optional. |
|             | APIGOV-28118 | **Issue**: In cases where the filter circuit policy from policy studio is nested a bit further the agent does not parse the Invoke Policy name as expected. <br />**Resolution**: The Discovery Agent will parse the Invoke Policy name properly by looking further into the filter circuit policy. |

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Gateway Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### All other supported on-premise agents

There are no enhancements or bug fixes for the other on-premise agents in this release.

#### All supported SaaS (embedded) agents

There are no enhancements or bug fixes for the other SaaS (embedded) agents in this release.

### Axway CLI

The latest version of the [Axway CLI is v3.2.13 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway/v/3.2.13). The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Axway CLI

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Axway CLI

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Axway Central CLI

The latest version of the [Axway Central CLI is v2.28.0 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-central-cli/v/2.28.0). There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Service Registry

The are no enhancements and bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Topology

The are no enhancements or bug fixes available in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The are no enhancements or bug fixes available in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **New URL to access the subscription details information** - A new URL allows the provider to go directly to the *subscription details* page. This URL also filters the *subscription list* page so that only the specific subscription is displayed. URL format: {CENTRAL_URL}/marketplace/subscriptions/{subscription.metadata.id}.
* **New URL to access the access request details information** - A new URL allows the provider to go directly to the *access request details* page. This URL also filters the *access request list* page so that only the specific access request is displayed. URL format: {CENTRAL_URL}/marketplace/subscriptions/{assetrequest.metadata.id}.

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

| Case ID     | Internal ID  | Description                                       |
|-------------|--------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| 01550495    | APIGOV-27558 | **Issue**: Category filter limited to 100 categories. <br />**Resolution**: A new indicator in the WebUI shows the total number of categories even if some are not visible in the categories list. Searches are done on the backend, so the user can search any category even if they it is not visible in the categories list. |
| -           | APIGOV-26232 | **Issue**: Should not be able to unlink an asset from a product in the WebUI when the asset resource is being used in a product plan quota. <br />**Resolution**: The **Unlink** button in now disabled if the asset is being used in a product plan quota. A tooltip also indicates why the button is disabled. |

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Marketplace

There are no enhancements in this release.

#### Bug fixes for Marketplace

| Case ID   | Internal ID  | Description                                       |
|-----------|--------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| 01598875  | APIGOV-28013 | **Issue**: Marketplace PKCE tryout with external OAuth not working. <br />**Resolution**: The authorization flow for OAuth has been enhanced to send the PKCE header in the token request. |

#### Known issues for Marketplace

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no enhancements or bug fixes in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcements

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).

A deprecation banner is visible from the Unified Catalog informing of the deprecation. The banner adapt itself based on the role of the user: consumer VS provider.
