---
title: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace February 9 2024
linkTitle: Amplify Enterprise Marketplace February 9 2024
weight: 22
date: 2024-02-09
---
We work hard to improve the Amplify Enterprise Marketplace experience by releasing new features and fixing bugs. Here is the list of new features, enhancements, and bug fixes you’ll find in the latest release. It is always recommended to update the Agents to have all the latest features, enhancements, and bug fixes.

## Provider experience

### Agent versions

Current agent versions are based on Amplify Agents SDK v1.1.74. To display version information in the agents, use command `agentName --version`.

Agent versions and Gateway compatibility:

| API Gateway version                        | On-premise Agent version |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| Axway API Management 7.6.2 SPx and 7.7 SPx | DA=v1.1.70 / TA=v1.1.72  |
| AWS Gateway using SDK 2.0                  | DA=v1.1.58 / TA-v1.1.60  |
| Azure latest release                       | DA=v1.1.64 / TA=v1.1.69  |
| Istio 1.9.5                                | DA=v1.0.30 / TA=v2.0.74  |
| Apigee Edge                                | 0.1.30                   |
| Mulesoft Anypoint platform v3              | 1.1.40                   |
| Software AG webMethods                     | 0.0.18                   |
| Kong Gateway                               | 1.0.1                    |
| GitLab                                     | 1.0.1                    |

### Axway Agent SDK

The following enhancements are available in this release.

#### Enhancements for Agent SDK

* **Test Enhancement** - An additional testing option was added to the Agent SDK.

#### Bug fixes for Agent SDK

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Agent SDK

There are no known limitations in this release.

### On-premise agents

#### Axway API Management Gateway

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

##### Enhancements for Axway API Management Agent

* **Invoke Policy** - The Axway API Management Discovery Agent has been updated to support Invoke Policy as a custom credential type. For more information, see [Invoke Policy Authentication Handling](/docs/connect_manage_environ/connect_api_manager/gateway-administation/) along with the [Agent configuration variables reference](/docs/connect_manage_environ/connect_api_manager/agent-variables/).
* **Poll interval increased** - The default interval for checking for changes to the APIs on the API Manager has been increased from 30 seconds to 5 minutes. The poll interval can be set with the environment variable APIMANAGER_POLLINTERVAL.

##### Bug fixes for Axway API Management Agent

There are no bug fixes in this release.

##### Known issues for Axway API Management Agent

There are no known limitations in this release.

#### All other supported On-premise Agents

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes for the other On-premise Agents in this release.

### SaaS (embedded) Agents

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes for any SaaS (embedded) Agents in this release.

### Axway CLI

The latest version of the [Axway CLI is v2.0.16 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-cli/v/2.0.16). There are no new enhancements or bug fixes for Axway CLI in this release.

### Axway Central CLI

The latest version of the [Axway Central CLI is v2.24.0 on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@axway/axway-central-cli/v/2.24.0). There are no new enhancements or bug fixes for Axway Central CLI in this release.

### Service Registry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Service Registry

* **Selected version UX improvement** - A button has been added to display the currently selected API service version when the selected version scrolls out of view. An up arrow button is displayed when the user scrolls away from the top of the list.

#### Bug fixes for Service Registry

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Service Registry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Topology

There are no new enhancements or bug fixes available in this release.

### Asset Catalog

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Asset Catalog

* **Selected version UX improvement** - A button has been added to display the currently selected Asset version when the selected version scrolls out of view. An up arrow button is displayed when the user scrolls away from the top of the list.

#### Bug fixes for Asset Catalog

There are no bug fixes in this release.

#### Known issues for Asset Catalog

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Product Foundry

The following enhancements and bug fixes are available in this release.

#### Feature updates for Product Foundry

* **Selected version UX improvement** - A button has been added to display the currently selected Product version when the selected version scrolls out of view. An up arrow button is displayed when the user scrolls away from the top of the list.
* **One-time product plans** - The ability to charge a one-time setup fee in addition to the regular recurrent subscription charges. This pricing structure allows providers to charge an upfront cost that is not tied to a recurrent subscription. For instance, providers can configure a paid product plan that charges a one-time setup fee in addition to a usage based montly subscription. Alternatively, they can charge a fixed one-time fee for the consumption of all included resources. See [Configure paid plan - base price](/docs/manage_product_foundry/manage_product_plans#configure-a-quota).

#### Bug fixes for Product Foundry

* **Long Marketplace name overlapping the product status** - Previously, long Marketplace names overlapped the Marketplace status field on the Publish to Marketplace side panel. Now, long Marketplace names appear truncated.
* **Line break issue in description fields** - The product description can now handle line breaks.
* **Resource version not visible when creating a plan quota** - When creating a plan quota, the resource name is enriched to display: *{assetTitle}/{resourceTitle} - {stageTitle} - {stateName} - {Version}*. When viewing the plan quota details, the information is displayed in a table format.
* **System-initiated events logged with a platform user account** - All actions initiated by the system, such as upgrade / migration codes, are now reported in the Activity events as being performed by **Axway Internal Admin** user.
* **Impossible to delete a stage** - Previously, it was not possible to remove a stage, even after it was no longer in use. This was caused by some remaining references on the environments that were still pointing to the stage. An upgrade procedure cleans up the invalid references and triggers a stage update event in the Activity log that is now reported as performed by the Axway Internal Admin user.

#### Known issues for Product Foundry

There are no known limitations in this release.

### Business insights

There are no new features or bug fixes in this release.

## Consumer experience

### Marketplace

There are no new features or bug fixes in this release.

### Consumer insights

There are no new features or bug fixes in this release.

### Unified Catalog announcements

The statistics related to Unified Catalog have been turned off in preparation of the deprecation of the Unified Catalog feature. Users can no longer see how many times a Unified Catalog item has been viewed (from the list and the catalog item details views).

A migration script to move to Marketplace is available on [Axway GitHub](https://github.com/Axway/unified-catalog-migration).
